Luckily, he was so sharp-eyed that he spotted the hidden clues. Finally, we solved the case!
You keep blowing air into my ear, that makes my ear so itchy.
My friend's hands and feet were tied up by the thief.
Don't just press the brake when you downhill, remember to use the engine braking technique to avoid overheating the braking system.
The finish line is just a few steps away. Keep going!
The ship sank due to being overloaded.
This portrait is exquisite.
The baby's flicking tummy is making him so cute!
My dream is to travel around the world.
Apply some herbal oil to your temples, and see if you get better after that.
We have scored a well known landslide in this election.
The employer cannot exploit the benefits of the employees.
She sold her flat last month.
Did you say meet me outside the shopping mall? I walked around the shopping mall for a complete circle and still couldn't find you.
He gave his mother a flower as a gift.
Light the candles now, otherwise how can we blow them out?
He only means well.
You won't be happy forcing yourself. Let it go.
We can't do without fastening up the nut.
I won't let you succeed in carrying out your evil plans!
Pull yourself together! Come help with this!
This new employee "comes with auto transmission". He is self-motivated and doesn't need to be pushed.
Shall we throw away all these old newspapers?
Is there any emergency exit in this restaurant?
She is very kind-hearted, she always helps those who are in need.
I bet that tomorrow it'll rain.
Don't worry about getting lost. I'm familiar with this area.
There is a karaoke room in our university as well.
There are four burners in this cooking stove.
to apply for a judicial review from the High Court
I will let you go this time. Do not get caught by me again.
The new director will reorganise the structure of the company.
The housewife trader is back, we are saved.
The medical workers have to endure heavy work pressure, which makes them physically and mentally exhausted.
How I can choose from such a large variety of dresses?
I've got many baby outfits. I'll take some of them to you next time.
This pen is shared, please remember to put it back after using.
Sun Yaoting was the last eunuch in the Chinese history.
I am busy this week. I am not free to go out.
A friend is to share his friends' burden.
You had the courage to admit your mistakes. I'm proud of you.
All of our orders are handled with computers.
This meat is pan-fried to perfection.
I'm guilty of sin. I beg Lord for mercy.
Alright, so after stir-frying the sweet-sour pork, it's almost time to add some corn-starch mixture to thicken the sauce.
Someone said that this building has lots of ghosts.
Now everybody has a pay freeze; no one wants to spend money.
These noodles are made with wheat flour.
She is as pretty as her elder sister.
Your words roused me. I will work hard from now on.
[ChatGPT]I can't believe I caught a cold.
Manchester United finally beat the Wigan with 2 scores, and get the England Community Shield.
Don't speak something so enigmatic. Be straightforward, please.
He planned to help, but end up helping the evil-doers unexpectedly.
This god-damned computer freezes every day.
Let me show you how capable I am.
You didn't cover the girl with your umbrella in such heavy rain and didn't treat her tenderly at all.
During the summer holidays, he often goes to school to practice football.
There are many colors for gel pens.
After she immigrated, she made clothes with sewing machine in the little factories in China town.
Fees for public hospital services will be increased by 5% starting from 1st January.
He acts very strange these days. Is he haunted by a ghost?
The director didn't spare time for the actor to rehearsal, how can the actors get into their characters ?
He loses his temper whenever the computer is not working.
Why did you stalk me like a grudged ghost for the whole day? What do you want?
He loves to talk nonsense, you can just ignore him.
The magpie bird call is a kind of good omen that indicates the arrival of good fortune.
Public Officers Pay Adjustment Ordinance
When Chinese people get married, the groom has to send the gift money to the bride's parents.
Can you see what he's carrying?
For the sake of hygiene, keep social distance.
You switch back and forth between learning ballet and learning singing. As a result you are not good at either.
My husband gives me 20,000 dollars for housekeeping money every month.
The police uncovered a suspected case of drug smuggling.
Many enter the venue exclusively for taking photos with pretty models.
We've got plenty of time, let's play mahjong together.
They are a gang of desperadoes who do anything for money including giving up on their lives.
You seldom do exercise while you eat so much greasy food. You'll soon become a fat guy.
Did you know the number of ova inside a woman's body is determined well before birth when she was still inside the womb?
How can I survive from this difficult situation?
Hey, didn't you say last night that you bought some puzzles to do at home? How are you doing so far?
The criminal escaped secretly from the prison.
Weddings of Hongkongers are usually of Chinese and Western styles combined.
There was some sea water in your handset, and it's difficult to deal with.
When will you two send out wedding invitation and host your wedding banquet?
The red-light districts in Amsterdam are world-famous.
After spending his time in prison, he determines to be a good guy.
If the concert venue is too crowded, accidents will happen easily.
In foreign countries, there are many confirmed cases too.
Winter has arrived but I still see girls wearing hot pants.
He could have won in this competition, but he did not join. That made him regrettable.
Watching operas still seems to be a niche activity.
We did not expect that only one participant came to the activity. We all made vain efforts in preparation.
You should get it done before you leave no matter how it will become.
Spare no effort and do our best.
The meeting hall resounded with outbursts of militant slogans.
Hurry up! The customer is waiting.
Their wedding is coming. If you have to go to their banquet, don't travel in the meantime.
A female star insisted not to go nude in her album.
The typhoon swept over the town out of a sudden and rendered a lot of people homeless.
It wasn't a spontaneous thing. We fell apart due to long standing issues that were not satisfactorily resolved.
The most effective guard is to attack.
You should buy a single ticket. It's not necessary to buy a round-trip ticket.
He suffered from a serious illness at the age of three and since then he has become deaf.
Ming said he would not go to this year's Christmas party for 3 reasons. Firstly, he didn't want to spend money; secondly, he didn't have much time; thirdly, he had had a girlfriend.
What's the point in reaching out to your ex?
Despite difference in conditions of countries, universal values are still the common pursuit of the human race.
Seeing that dawn is coming, but my work is not fully done yet.
Ah-ming has a high aspiration to become an astronaut since he was little.
You've held your breath until you're red in the face but you still can't move the chair.
His family hired a foreign native speaker to teach him English.
He's a person of good standing, why would he join a triad?
He has used a lot of lies to conceal his crime.
I gained the habit of keeping a diary since the age of six.
If you eat oatmeal every day, your heart will be healthier.
Taking electronic transport can reduce the emission of carbon dioxide.
The cowboy took rest under the tree when he was herding cattle.
Some illegal taxi drivers would temporarily stop service and wait for tourists to charge them more.
Judges make judgement impartially, without bias absolutely.
I will visit the Giant Buddha in Lantau Island.
He wrote a bad proposal, simply mixing together the ideas used before.
French toast is high in calories.
To prevent from getting contagious diseases, please pay attention to the following points.
The wedding is in intense preparation.
This photo is blurred so I can't see my face clearly.
Taxi drivers always tout outside MTR stations.
Sir, would you mind spending a moment to fill out a questionnaire?
Her colleagues disliked how she kisses her boss' ass, so they boycotted her.
These few days the extreme cold numbed my fingers.
The fishing boat came across a storm in the course of navigation.
Although he's quite MK, he's genuine and sincere.
If you don't know how, just observe how others do. Don't mess up.
We would do so if there are no more dissents.
He is a good driver, and he passes the sharp turn smoothly.
Be careful when you make a turn in the rain.
Since prices all rose with inflation, everything is so expensive now.
What a fucking idiot. Who the fuck would mess with his girlfriend when she's on period?
I have to go home now or I'll get it from my mum!
Foul language is not allowed in schools.
Hello girl, hand me your booklist. Let me gather what textbooks you need.
He got a tongue-lashing from the boss for his verbal blunder at the meeting.
It's so disgusting to have all teeth with cigarette stains.
Look at A-ming. He sent A-chung flying off the ring with just a punch. He's in the same league as Ali!
We need to keep up with the developed world.
He will assume the post of finance director.
How dare you come to my base to mess things up, do you want to die?
Shareholders of this stock can get dividends every year.
There isn't any pineapple in pineapple buns.
I'll tell you when the date is fixed.
My grandfather is such a kidult. He is in his seventies but still loves to play tricks on others.
This registered mail has to be signed by the intended recipient.
The gangsters shoot a security guard.
Friendship is very important for me.
They don't get along.
Hong Kong people always mix in English when they speak.
Sleep now. Don't be a night-owl.
I cannot understand the thrill of the government's cash payout scheme. It's just from the taxes you paid!
Excuse me, is the seat next to you occupied?
They are kindred spirits, so they can chat endlessly.
The replacement of ID card has to be done at the office, as to prevent impersonation.
They went through all the trouble to win this competition.
The society has become more open nowadays.
Saying no in front of my lackeys, you are obviously hurting my reputation.
Oh, I'd left it here. No wonder I couldn't find it.
It is the third day of the hunger strike, Ming is obviously weaker than before, he couldn't even stand well.
Will Kim Jong-un really start a war with South Korea?
He was condemned for generations because he betrayed his country.
"Oh my god. She can't possibly have a boyfriend, can she?" "Who cares? She'll never be yours anyway."
Don't eat too many snacks, you'll be too full for your meals!
He's a very nice guy. You should treasure him.
Mum worried about your safety so much, fortunately you came back from North Korea safely.
Someone says that drug dealers are the residue of the society.
Don't swagger around just because you get into a big company.
[ChatGPT]The concept of grammatical elements is a disaster area.
Those greedy governors have done so many evil things, and they will be struck by lightning!
Do you have a trusted interior design contractor that you can introduce to me?
I no longer need to walk the beat after my promotion to Station Sergeant, but sometimes I'll still go out for a snap check of my officers on patrol.
The pickled mustard tuber is salty and spicy, which is very appetising.
Let's enter the mysterious world of plants.
The company released a notice that is about lowering the salary.
That famous writer has decided to stop writing forever.
I finally quit my job this morning.
Pour the juice into the mold and place it into the freezer for 40 minutes, and you will have an fruit ice pop.
Every Thursday, I have two lectures to attend in a row in the same classroom.
The company organises a Christmas evening party every year.
The economy of China has advanced greatly in recent years.
Would all family members please come onto the stage for a group photo.
For safety, we should check the joint with the frame of the aluminium window frame.
Three Pakistan fighter planes were accused of intruding Afghanistan's airspace.
Are you leaving in a hurry? Why don't you stay for dinner?
You must remember to speak with clear articulation when reciting.
The newcomer cannot get in any formed circle and is isolated by everyone.
Have you been to music festivals held in this locality?
The missing people have still yet to be found.
What do you want to eat? Chinese, Western, or Japanese?
She's forty and she stays fit for her age.
There are many countries in Asia. China is one of them.
Look, the football players are entering the field.
Yesterday the weather forecast there would be a shower, and today, as expected, it is indeed raining.
He has been living apart from his wife, but legally he is still married.
He is called the Central doombringer, destroying whichever company he was in.
I was almost grazed by the taxi just now.
When a typhoon comes, fishermen will move their boat to typhoon shelters.
Last time I screwed up the report, then my boss told me off severely.
He was punished by the teacher because he often made fun of his classmates.
We discounted this solution.
Please help manage Ar Fun's duty today. She is sick.
He is constantly being harassed in the workplace. It's really quite sad!
My darling cooks delicious dishes for me again.
Many workers wear suspenders.
Never mind you, even I can't do it!
The pants are too loose. I have to keep pulling up my pants while walking.
Our product aims on teenagers mainly.
Who's the one standing next to her?
The legal profession urges the government to amend the ordinance.
Every girl loves making herself prettier.
The car behind bumped lightly into my car.
This work experience is invaluable.
This park takes up 30 hectares.
Stop using your photoshopped pictures to attract likes.
As a reward, you don't have to do the dishes tonight!
You could get tolerance from taking a sedative for too long.
I have bought more e-books in recent years. It saves a lot of space.
The defendant claimed that he had a pleasant sensation while killing.
Dust mites are a common allergen.
Please help us reflect our views.
The government is endlessly deceiving the people.
A-chung was falsely accused of sexual harassment.
He decelerates thinking he has won, and gets overtaken by his opponent before the finish line.
He refused to commit himself to any side on this issue.
The button is on the upper right-hand corner.
Someone saw the two having a secret conversation in a restaurant.
This job is so demanding, nobody will do it.
It's already getting dark. Are we there yet?
He got a panic attack and forget his lines.
His round face is so cute.
He was going to lose. He only won because of his luck.
Someone punched me in the chest. It really hurts!
To mix a milk tea is a kind of deep and wide knowledge.
He is the culprit in this case.
Every year, our boss gives a performance to liven up the end of our year party.
All the children of these high-ranking officials work or study overseas.
You can never find true love from one-night stand.
A criminal organisation forces some women to prostitute themselves.
So they do behave in a disgusting manner and drink the urine of male virgins?
No one wears white canvas shoes nowadays! You'd be laughed at if you wore white canvas shoes to a date with a girl.
We haven't slept in the car for the whole journey.
Many tourists are coming to Hong Kong every day.
Going out for dinner during important holidays will be very packed.
Thanks to the pandemic, over 70% of the interviewed workers have been laid off.
Just like human beings, the car radiator has to be topped up more frequently on such a hot day.
He thought he could fly after inhaling meth, and jumped off a building.
If he shows signs of vomiting, he must see the doctor immediately.
Siu-nei is so proud of being slim that she kept being cursed for getting fat.
Finally, he shows his smile to people.
He gets one hundred marks in dictation every time.
The more I look at him, the more he pisses me off.
This man is loyal to his own values, so he absolutely will not yield to injustice!
He becomes rich by bulling the village people and robbing their properties, so he is just a local tyrant.
My place is messy, please don't mind it.
She has a clear-cut line between love and hate. She loves someone to the bones and vice versa.
This stick is crooked, what is it?
Just feel free to talk to me about any worry.
I won't give up until I see him.
[ChatGPT]Later generations regarded Laozi and Zhuangzi as the founders of Taoism.
In order to protect your own copyright, you'd better put a watermark on the examination paper that you wrote.
This game is easy at the beginning, but its difficulty grows exponentially later on.
The vending machine is out of order, please ask someone to fix it.
A part of the wall suddenly fell off.
Each university has an emergency response task force.
Starting from tomorrow air tickets will be on sale!
No matter what you're investing in, never invest in London gold just because someone casually persuaded you.
I despise those rich kids who are ignorant and have no value to the society.
Epilepsy can be fatal and is no joke.
My elder brother just came back from Malaysia.
The military rations of some countries are rich in quantity.
You might as well go tend the fields instead, old hag!
Your forehead is so hot. Put on an antipyretic paste now!
My house was broken into and a few Gold Rolex watches were stolen.
Having joined this company for less than a month, he's already been brainwashed; All he cares now is making money.
You don't need to help me. I can do it myself.
Chicken with shiitake mushrooms is the best dish.
None of a bit of my determination falter.
There is still fifteen minutes before the exam ends.
My father dropped out from school as early as he was ten because of financial difficulties in the family.
We still don't know cause of the pandemic now.
Playing mah-jong is on a anti-clockwise rotation.
Pluto is the largest dwarf planet of the solar system.
At this moment, I've had a feeling that I should explode. (by Exploding, a character in the film "Shaolin Soccer")
This time I forgive you, but no second time!
Language is not only for the educated upper classes.
The memory of Japanese-occupation is unforgettable to grandmother.
As expected, it is nice tea. It smells good and has a sweet aftertaste.
Making a huge profit doesn't mean that one has to do some ruthless things.
Why is my food delivery still not arrive yet?
He wanted to see the view by the window, so he exchanged seats with the passenger next to him.
Mrs. Chen from next door just had a baby boy, he's really adorable.
He married the boss' daughter, it's certain that he advanced quickly in his career.
You're very busy but you agree to do so much voluntary work. Aren't you asking for trouble?
Whenever he does exercise, he gets hurt easily.
My dad is old.  I let him eat lean meat, instead of fat.
Be more gentle. Don't apply too much force.
to enjoy the view of Victoria Harbour on the observation deck at night
After his wife's affair, he was resolute in his decision to start a new life.
[ChatGPT]This restaurant only has gimmicks, the food looks good but tastes bad.
I'm so absent-minded that I've forgotten to bring my wallet again.
You need not to absolve yourself from the fault anymore.
This guided tour will be conducted in Cantonese.
It's quite a feature to see the chef grind spices.
I took the taxi this morning and left my mobile phone behind inside the taxi.
Science subjects include Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, etc.
I lend you the money just this once, it should not be taken as a precedent.
The zombies are coming.  We'll die together if you don't move now.
We've got an all-star line-up for our concert tonight.
Would you two mind sitting at the counter?
I often tease him, provoke him, and I enjoy it. If he teases me, I will be even more mean to him!
Corrupted officials and civil servants must be punished by law.
My house was broken into last night. I have lost many things.
The Sai Wan Pier is a good place for watching the sunset.
After the emergence of mobile phones, phone booths now only work as shelters from rainfall.
Her happiness is based on other's pain.
The boss always emphasises the importance of team work.
He deeply loves his wife. He can't see her suffer.
He is too eager for instant success and quick benefit. He even betrays his friend for success.
The heat power should not be too high. Otherwise it will be over-burnt.
The last time the stock market crashed I lost nearly a million. I was absolutely devastated.
You lose all of your money? What a pity!
My wife wants to go to a Japanese restaurant for omakase, so we give it a try.
America declared war on Japan in 1941.
Long as the boss's wife wields the power here, it is very unlikely that we will get a raise.
What you acquire is insufficient for you to teach others at all. Don't you ever worry that you'll be mocked?
He had been off school for a while, thus found it hard to catch up with the homework.
To facilitate members of the public to view the firework display, many roads will be designated as pedestrianisation zones starting from evening.
Son, since you have better eyesight, could you help me thread the needle?
Hong Kong has witnessed so many changes all these years.
What kind of idiot would wear high heels in a hiking trip?
Let's call Gambler Chan to fill the position so that we can start playing mahjong.
You treat my family so well, so much so that nothing on earth can requite your benevolence!
We just need five people to form a trip.
This room is so spacious, let's make it the conference room.
Now I earn merely over $10000 per month.
How are you going to send this thing as a letter? Send it as a parcel!
The old man, still energetic, does exercise every morning.
Hey, I accepted your advances, why didn't you kiss me?
That girl is really materialistic, she only dates rich guys.
I am the boss here. When I say no, that means no.
The old man living next door died of an inconspicuous disease yesterday.
He had captured the whole course of the incident on videotape.
After working extremely hard in the company for two years, he finally decided to quit and set up his own business.
Honestly, you sing horribly.
Originally, this was just a prank.
Our village has a long history that can be traced back to 800 years ago.
We've been arguing a lot less and talking a lot more, so our relationship improved quite a lot.
The funds raised today will entirely allotted to the charity fund.
You are going on a trip and you should pack your stuff now.
You ruin everything and make no contribution.
He is crazy, cuff him up.
After he got the big prize, he was so joyful that he talked senselessly.
Books and magazines in general are forbidden from publishing topless photographs.
I've printed the form for you.
This couple is always bickering with each other over the small things.
This bronze statue commemorates Mr. Chan.
A-chung got scolded by the manager for his mistake, and burst into tears halfway through it.
Should I use this nail polish today?
An actor was claimed to be involved in a sexual offence.
I owe you a favour for this incident.
Don't stand on the toilet seat, it is very dangerous!
The government is handing out cash to the citizens again.
Those cafes in inner streets are quite good.
I gave a pack of tea to my boyfriend's mother as a present when we first met.
A bowl of extra spicy Yunnanese noodles with chicken and squid balls, please.
The gossips about stars are always one of the topics of discussion among housewives after meals.
Why have you been pacing back and forth all morning? Is something troubling you ?
Did you manage to get any scholarship this year?
I got lost in the woods.
Do you think revealing your triad's name I will be afraid of you ?
Summer is the best season to have ice cream.
A group of teens gather and hang around at the 7-Eleven every night.
Should we think twice about whether we really did too far?
The airline company upgraded my flight to business class for free.
This time we are defeated by those scumbags, which is sadder than my dad's death.
Confess or face the punishment.
We can find the Polaris using Dubhe and Merak in the big dipper.
This kid is very arrogant. He always shows off.
Where's the other half of my banana? Did you eat it?
This job is very popular that many people have applied for it.
Many children chase after one another in the garden.
There is nothing that a husband and a wife cannot talk about.
This shop has gone out of business for years.
Stop it. Don't you dare look down on me.
They've competed for five rounds but it's still not known who's won.
Remember to hold your breath when you dive into the water.
The computer is fixed, we won't move it again.
It doesn't matter. Just do it by all means then.
Why do you keep bothering me?
This dress has kids' size. You can buy one for your daughter!
I envy you of your homemade food, I am so fed up with takeouts.
It may sound unreasonable, but I hope you could do me a favour.
After all, he's your friend. You can't treat him like this.
Should the breach be a more serious one since one has good knowledge of the law?
How do you eat a deep-fried breadstick? Biting it or cutting it into pieces?
The elderly plays Mahjong with friends to divert themselves from boredom.
Interested in going on a trip together?
There are a lot of things to deal with in a family.
This charity organisation takes it as its mission to help the poor and support the underprivileged.
No boasting. If you promised it, you should be able to do it.
This school was built with subpar quality. It'll be dangerous if any emergency situation emerges.
The education sector is now collecting signatures for a petition against the reimplementation of TSA.
China is the host of Beijing Olympic Games.
Whenever I see you, I can't help but want to kiss you.
This is the last one we have.
After a busy day, he was exhausted.
Look at his shirt. It is too much!
He looks sleepy with bleary eyes.
The train was very full this morning and I had to force my way into it.
Burn gel sales are especially high during mid-autumn festival.
There is no staple in the stapler.
If you feel too bitter to drink the herbal medicine, you can drink it while chewing a piece of preserved plum with tangerine peel.
It's freezing here! I've got goosebumps!
"Half of 'shoe' stands for 'woe', hard times! And the other half stands for 'shine', good times!" said the Cobbler Chan.
I'm short of money these days, so can you lend me some money to use?
Before you go out, you'd better comb your hair a while.
It's very unsafe in this area, I always get verbally harassed by someone when I go out at night.
Did you water the flowers this morning?
How could you eat the food without chewing? Just like filling sand into a chicken's stomach.
The annual float parade is coming soon.
Thanks to everyone's concerted efforts, we were able to win this competition.
He quarrelled with his wife and now they even have their meals separately.
You dress so gorgeous, are you attending a banquet or so?
The Lingnan region is surrounded by mountains and seas from all four directions. The environment is beautiful.
My big tooth has a cavity; luckily though, my dentist said that he can fill it up without having to remove it.
Forget it. No one wants accidents to happen.
Don't be misery when visiting Switzerland, be more generous.
Hong Kong is a famous gourmet heaven.
From a small fishing village to a metropolis, hundreds of years of city development carries Hong Kong's rich history and culture.
Steven Spielberg is a great director who produces a lot of blockbusters.
UV Index for today is moderate.
How can you leave this place just like that? Don't you have an attachment to this place having grown up here?
The bridegroom spoke with weeping eyes on the stage.
Hey pal, how could I possibly know where she is?
I've added your computer into company's active directory domain.
You need to be mindful of the tree. If you're not, the kite is going to get stuck.
Einstein is a famous physicist of the 20th century.
He likes to argue so much. One talk nine back.
Rub it with alcohol, then you will be able to remove the sticker mark.
Allow me to transfer you to another dedicated line.
Those textbooks are frequently revised, and you can't buy their older versions: everyone has to buy the expensive brand-new copies.
The targeted therapy for my father's colon cancer costs $20,000 a month. Is there any subsidy available?
Are you flattering me or trying to be sarcastic?
Let's have dinner together in the evening tomorrow. I can't accompany you the night after next as I will work the night shift.
There are lots of fakes on the market. Make sure there's a laser printed product label before you make any purchase!
Put some rat glue traps by the windows and the doors.
Don't touch me! I can sue you for sexual harassment!
The service agreement includes free inspections, but you will have to pay additional charges for parts.
A civilian aircraft is hijacked by terrorists.
This arrangement is very inconvenient to the passengers.
The two of them are being so standoffish. I guess I'll have to be the peacemaker.
[ChatGPT]It's okay to wear a green hat, as long as you can get rid of it quickly.
I've almost finished the work. Please help me complete it.
I am a regular customer of this bakery, they make nice cookies.
Our teacher always encourages and urges us to be responsible people.
State officials are allowed to set fire, yet civilians are not allowed to light lamps.
He takes a taxi all the time, as if he had millions of dollars untouched.
I want to pay a visit to Canada and see maple leaves.
We sincerely hope that the school will agree to our request.
The land is not yours. You can't go in. That's reasonably fair right?
I don't want to date yet, not until everything's settled.
Only an understanding person would appreciate his work.
She must be very upset from such things you've said.
The lecture by this professor is amusing.
I'm so thirsty. Is there anything to drink in the fridge?
Didn't they say the Chinese government would prop up the stock market this morning? My 9413 shares went into a free fall from $2 to $0.5!
This innovation is really creative!
The Philippines are formed by 7000 more islands.
He still remember things many years ago clearly.
This morning has seen the large fluctuation of this bond.
He started stealing for a quick buck when he was young, a mistake that has haunted his life ever since his arrest.
He/she always use the tablet to watch movies.
For this trip, every person needs ten thousand dollars as travelling expense.
Members who couldn't attend today's meeting, please remember to read the minutes!
partner in a law firm
A parade is going to be held at night.
Parents should discipline their children.
You chatter all the time today, has any good thing happened?
Don't give out blowjobs without the rubber out of convenience. You may get an STD from it.
Hey Mister, I think you haven't paid yet.
He sends you files with virus. He is tricking you.
The debt collector is at the door! What should we do now?
This is a "Rashomon", all witnesses are contradicting to each others, and there's no CCTV at the scene to proof them, what should we do now ?
Just draw like you normally do.
I bought a table made of wood.
Tickle his armpit and he will burst in laughter.
His knowledge is very poor. There are so many things that he doesn't know.
[ChatGPT]"He's the main player on our school's badminton team."
She didn't wake up after the surgery and became a vegetable.
This sneakers brand think they can make up for their horrible quality by marketing and promotions. What use is putting lipstick on a pig?
Turn down the volume of the TV set, it's noisy!
He knelt down and begged for Buddha's mercy and forgiveness.
After his graduation, he remained in his alma mater to teach.
If I can find a job with higher rank and better wage, I wouldn't have to be stuck here.
These tea leaves are too wonderful for words. I should take my time and enjoy it.
This size seems to fit you well.
She has the best cooking skills in our class, winning praises from all of us.
The painter of "The Storm" inherited the Academic Classicism school.
He came up with five doggerel poems to mock others in just half an hour.
There are countless ants in the kitchen.
Don't be so lovey-dovey. Others are looking.
You could be right.
Is being heavy an advantage in boxing?
My teacher said these are unimportant points in the book. They won't be tested for on the exam.
The first time we met we got on really well together.
Protecting forests is essential to us.
The economy can be developed only when the political situation is stable.
I was moved by his sincerity and was willing to join his team.
You traitor! I shall ruin your martial arts powers!
The game of cats is so cute and healing!
I have been using this package of washing powder for six months. It's quite economical.
When I switched the chemical fertilizer, my flower started to wilt.
At the very start, this container was tightly filled. Your products cannot fit in.
It's very shameful to enter the wrong washroom.
There's still a month before the final. Why have you lost your hope already?
The Hospital Authority feels regretful for its fault.
Nowadays everyone has a mobile phone and a digital camera, who would bring a roll of film to develop?
The company has been treating you fairly throughout the years you working for them.
Pedestrians find it difficult to even walk under the storm.
Then do you consider me as one of the group?
It's better to use sand tent pegs for setting tents up on sand.
We invented this new product based on a predecessor's research.
Last night I bought a new game. It's fun!
Double strollers can't get through the gate. You'll need help from the staff.
I have already done all exam papers in the past 10 years, still not enough?
Even though you put in a lot of effort for no thanks, why are you doing it anyway? Even if you complete it, others will not show their gratitude.
He's a triad member. So don't ever offend him. He might send someone to beat you up!
[ChatGPT]Don't make inappropriate sexual suggestions to girls, or you might be accused of sexual harassment.
This girl is so beautiful she seems to stop the world when she smiles.
I am such a "glass tummy", have just eaten tiny amount of frying food and get a diarrhea.
I have to repay the debt in full within a week.
I could defeat you within the snap of a finger.
Injection of Botox is a kind of plastic surgery.
We decided to adopt his suggestion.
There isn't any chance of promotion, so why should I make so much effort?
He was gambling at the mahjong parlour with no cash on him, and got beaten up for not being able to pay after losing a game.
It is useless to deny the fact that you lost after all.
My abs is no longer firm because I have not been going to gym for a long time.
The people upstairs party every night and make loud noises.
Don't waste your time on trivial things. Go find something meaningful to learn!
His personal information was exposed.
You are so ambitious. You are going to have a hard time finding a job.
I just bought a sous vide set home. Let me prepare a few dishes for tonight.
The audience can now make a request by fax to dedicate a song to someone.
I saw Chow Yun Fat on the street!
Nowadays, a balcony can be larger than a room in a flat.
The New Territories were leased from Qing China to the United Kingdom in 1898 for 99 years in the Convention for the Extension of Hong Kong Territory.
After wandering the airport for many rounds, the plane finally takes off.
Hong Kong has trade partners all across the world.
This candidate is stupid and that is dumb. How can I choose among them?
Every time when I get back to the place that I grew up in, I recall my happy childhood memories.
Ah-ming always keeps her words; her promises always count.
Come to my house, I will be the host.
Competition between powers is not limited to incessant wars.
I could still bear it if I do not talk about it, but as I do I am in rage.
Your bruise is dark like Justice Bao Gong.
If you keep making noise, I will beat you with a stick!
Some companies would judge the values of staff members in terms of revenue.
She acts like another person after stepping into society.
I thought I would have won this round, but I lost at the very last moment.
His parents dislike his girlfriend and are forcing him to break up with her.
As a newbie, if your boss does not appreciate your performance, you will not have a good day, which means you are done.
to reach out to the needy
Extra staff were deployed last night at the Lok Ma Chau and Huanggang checkpoints.
Here has a sweet-smelling in the garden.
You don't need to be so nervous. Just relax and it will be fine.
You should wear the seatbelt during takeoff and landing.
She's quite pretty, you don't have to be so surprised that she's got many admirers.
He lives far away so he has to wake up at the crack of dawn to go to work.
Please give this letter to Mr./Ms. Cheung, the manager.
Can you see what he's carrying?
He is always ridiculed by his boss that he is not diligent enough.
That kid shat on the floor!
Could you please tidy up your appearance before going out!
With the advent of online media, print media gets less lucrative.
He is very hard working in his studies, but since he did not use a right method, he was unable to improve.
Today, we are far apart from each other. Your life goes on, my life keeps being busy...
Please leave, he won't meet you.
The students lack individual character, as if they were produced from the factory using a press machine.
Remember to submit the report to the tutor after lab work.
There are many doubly non-permanent resident children in Hong Kong nowadays.
He needs the help of a machine to breathe.
He works so efficiently that he always completes the assigned tasks extremely fast.
Cockroaches are hard to kill. They have strong vitality.
Chances are slim if you want to sell it at $4000.
Socialisation agents usually include families, peers, schools, mass media and so on.
People in the city should be closer to nature.
There are many new immigrants from mainland China in Hong Kong.
Please keep quiet in the study room.
Drive to the airport as fast as you can! The plane is departing soon!
It was you that made the company lose money.
They are talking and joking with each other, and don't seem to have argued.
This deal is just like betting on Tai-Sai, so risky and unpredictable.
He is a very friendly friend, and I always feel a sense of warmth and kindness when I talk to him.
They love each other and have a close and deep relationship.
Our review is not personal, we should not engage others in personalities.
I don't need a big house. Simply a cozy home is good enough.
The meat is too tough. Grandma can't bite it.
A glass of iced lemon tea with less syrup, please.
When I was little and young, a simple life is a happy and wonderful life.
After not seeing you for some time, it seems like you're thinner than before.
The summer holiday is coming soon, and I am very excited.
Buy one get one free? I'll definitely buy more of them!
My boyfriend got all fired up last night, it felt so good that my hips were moving on their own.
He is so annoying. I can't stand it!
"It is healing to see everything so neat and tidy." "OCD here!"
The top male singer sings well and has got numerous awards.
Don't ask too much. Mind your own business.
Wood can float on water.
I have accepted responsibility for this project.
She learnt to play piano by herself. She wasn't taught by any teacher.
Grimacing in a disapproval way is inappropriate.
Whenever I enter a shop, the salespeople will definitely ask whether I want this or that.
Do you believe that people can still be deceived by your trick?
Not only does he work slowly, but also he is careless as well.
These practices still prevail in certain areas.
You better be focusing on the homework. Your procrastination leaves it unfinished till midnight again.
Mong Kok Police Station is next to Prince Edward MTR station.
I need to go to the bank later on to pay salary to our staff.
Originally I didn't like him, but then I thought he was a nice person.
Mr. Chan was set on resigning over this incident.
Where do you export your goods?
He's gone mad! He all of a sudden asked me to lend him a hundred thousand dollars.
We arranged a big banquet to celebrate our grandpa's 80th birthday tonight.
Chief Executive's popularity rating dropped 10% this month.
There is always some kind of women weeping sound at the bottom floor. It might be a ghost.
Every high level staff of this company are all related to the boss, an alien as you is nearly impossible to promote to that level.
He always talks about how good the food of this restaurant is.
As Master is listless, mistakes are unavoidable despite his expertise.
I did that guy a favour and gave him some money for the fare. I didn't expect that he was deceiving others.
I could lend you money, so that you could achieve the dream of opening up a store
In Apliu Street one can find many types of electronic goods.
Our teacher told us to do our revision at home.
This minibus is really fast. It arrived in no time!
The higher your expectations, the greater your disappointments.
Some people believe that the spirit of a person still exists after he or she has died.
The book is too soft, without a hard surface underneath it's hard to write anything on it.
To be addicted to gambling will harm yourself as well as others.
Pardon me. I must excuse myself for a moment.
The rapid development of the city brings a drastic change.
I don't think your husband is messing around every night.
Everyone in the venue are shouting for an encore.
There is a Hillwood opposite my house.
Let me install a lock on the door.
While getting the underlying principle right will make learning much easier, it simply isn't practical unless you memorize the basic facts.
How about going camping this Sunday.
All things are difficult before they are easy. It gets much better once you get used to it.
The completing hand of Thirteen Orphans has the maximum number of possible tiles of 13.
This new monthly journal takes commentary as their main feature.
Don't just sigh in despair, if you are unhappy with anything you need to talk with someone.
Recently many musicians have relied on crowdfunding for their debut albums.
They do everything together, maybe they are gay.
We usually have lunch at noon.
They have to pay off a mortgage and give money to their parents. That's a heavy burden.
In recent years there has been a slowing in the rate of globalization around the world.
You want to eat without paying? Don't even think about it!
This transaction is very likely to fail. You'd better stay away from it.
She is wearing a pink dress today.
You post all these dating pictures online every day. Aren't you showing off?
Netflix and chill
We apologize for any inconvenience caused.
Your coat is so thin, is it warm enough?
He has done nothing wrong but is still put into jail. What a miscarriage of justice!
As it's hot, I've ordered a cup of iced coffee.
He sat there the whole morning, feeling dull and listless.
The group holds an active attitude towards cooperation.
Your round face is so cute!
As the river flooded the village, the villagers sought refuge in the mountains.
I sought help from him, but he didn't give a damn.
My son doesn't like to do maths. What can I do?
I can't believe that the pool players were involved in match-fixing. Their sportsmanship is really poor.
Only reducing emission is insufficient to control rising global temperature.
There is still room for improvement in this policy.
He's constantly messing up, which drives people crazy.
Tai-man and his girlfriend are not Christians, but they haven't had sex even they have been in a relationship for 3 years.
The defendant was released on $5000 bail.
The city can't recover to what it is like before after the tsunami.
She's from a small town and she speaks with a very strong accent.
Cheating goes against my principles.
He formed a band with three good friends.
He really likes hanging around; he doesn't like staying home.
The weather is so nice today. We arrived at our destination without a hitch.
I support Italy for sure in this World Cup. I am a loyal fan of the Italian!
This district is considered a barren wasteland.
We have nothing but the bare walls in our house. Where do we have the money for you to study abroad?
This is still a solution appropriate enough.
Once spoken, words cannot be unspoken.
There is still some time before the movie starts. Let's go to the arcade for some games.
I'm doing the same type of bag anyway, just do a convenient favour for you to make you one more.
She even threatened the plaintiff outside the court for a mitigation letter.
He was standing with his back towards me, so I couldn't see his face clearly.
This flat was divided into three parts, and became three subdivided housing units.
Verbal imitation is the ability to verbally repeat what you hear.
The committee unveiled his lies. He angrily left the venue.
I will summarise the outcomes that we have discussed during today's meeting.
Have you fastened your seat belt? Off we go!
May God bless Ka-wing with a safe journey.
If you come an inch closer, I will scream for help.
Mom made a big jar of wine using sorghum.
He overpowered his own boss and took her position.
I am going to attend my cousin's wedding banquet tonight.
You have tried so many times and failed, why do you still not give up?
Remember to turn on the exhaust hood when frying food.
[ChatGPT]These two friends always play pranks on each other, but they never get angry.
Some people pee anywhere when they're drunk.
You better change your password to something more secure. Otherwise if somebody steals all your data, it will be too late to regret it.
How often does he arrive on time!
It is too tasteless. Even dogs wouldn't want to eat it.
Can you calculate this angle?
You should take good care of your little brother.
My dearest husband, can you buy me this handbag?
You are occupied tonight? I thought we could see a movie together.
Let's chip in $100 for now, and we can get back any surplus and make up for any shortfall.
My wife gives me only five hundred dollars for pocket money.
The examination questions are really difficult!
A few cars in front of us were in a crash and blocked the way, so we couldn't pass.
Bees die after they sting someone.
The international community should not let terrorists become major powers.
Greece, which is on the verge of bankruptcy, is seeking help from Russia.
This book was written based on grandpa's oral report, recorded by me.
The existence of a mountain in reality does not necessarily imply the existence of a mountain in the mind.
You say you can finish all the work tomorrow even though you're this slow? Don't overestimate your ability!
Could you please confirm the time of our dinner?
Most kids believe that ghosts and monsters exist.
Don't listen to her! She only wants your money!
This movie will definitely shit your pant.
I smell something bad, is the rice burnt?
These rumors are unfounded and barely credible.
You only cut your hand, you don't need to be so scared.
This shop specialises in making suits for people.
Although they have been divorced for years, they still maintain a healthy relationship with each other.
The applicant for this position must have a master's degree.
She knows I am lying. Does she have the ability to read my mind?
A-Ming works out a lot, so he's very muscular.
Couples usually like high-profile weddings.
Those clothes strewing on the sofa are so displeasing.
Don't put personal emotion into work.
Comrades are close to one another. Once split, they will be all done.
I dare not spend the money, as I worry that I may have to compensate in the future.
He bet on Chelsea so he lost his money and got his dull eyes.
I heard that his wife ran away with someone.
The taste of this dish is just right, not too salty or too bland.
He remained silent and held his chins up throughout the press conference.
He frequents thrift stores because of their affordability.
His speech is persuasive.
The exam was a piece of cake.
I agree that we should save up some money, but I don't think we should eat instant noodles every meal.
After the earthquake happened/occurred, there were many destitute orphans. / The earthquake left many orphans destitute.
It's very "quiet" these days. No one comes to buy anything.
I still have $20 in my wallet.
Telepathy is the supernatural power that I want most.
What can you see in this drawing?
An employer is responsible for buying insurance for employees.
The translated name has so many syllables, it's really hard to pronounce.
Your result is barely pass, you would better apply some "lifebuoy subjects" such as anthropology, religious studies.
We've been bros for long, why you set me up?
You saw that she was in mortal danger but you did nothing to save her? You have no humanity!
You look so horny right now.
This band will give two performances in Hong Kong.
She is the spitting image of her mother.
Those who live in countryside are usually more pure and unsophisticated.
He used to be a football player, but he has switched to be a referee now.
A-na is going to hang out around Tsim Sha Tsui with her girlfriends.
If you do not find out the source of stress and do not relieve your stress well, problems about your biological and mental health will arise.
I am selling my flat through property agents. I believe it will be sold very soon.
I'm free tomorrow. Can you come over and be my company?
It is hard to give a helping hand to the hikikomoris because we are unable to locate them.
Is this statistic authentic?
What's the knack to this magic trick?
There is a little achievement after implementing the Keep Clean campaign for several years.
He left after winning the round, I didn't even have a chance to take my revenge!
The Mass Transit Railway will operate trains throughout tonight.
Blood is seeping through the wound dressing! Quickly place a new one on top!
In China there is no such thing as a fair trial.
Secondary school students have their summer holiday in July.
He tried to kill himeself with coal gas. Although he was rescued and had no fatal hazard, he was found to have many sequelae.
Just by looking at him, you can tell that he's not capable at all.
You're carrying so many coins. Aren't they heavy?
You will get easily bullied, as you are too kind and soft.
Jumping from height, hanging and charcoal-burning are common methods of suicide.
Mr. Ho's son, having poor results, may not be admitted to any school even abroad.
Michael Tao, a handsome and attractive actor, is admired by many middle-aged women. He is a housewife killer.
He bought a lamp of longevity to pray for good fortune in Wong Tai Sin.
What's the point of going to the court for such unimportant things?
He's an upright person. He couldn't have lied to me.
Lets work together for the singing contest!
Our son is throwing tandem for toys again.
How come the colour paint was applied so patches?
We close the shop at six as usual.
Just clothes and shoes cost me three grand a month. How could a ten-grand salary be enough?
Do you think I'll believe you? Don't give me that!
There are 3 locations, look carefully.
You frighten me out of my wits.
In horse racing, the jockeys often whip the horse.
Although his invention is very special, it's not practical. Therefore nobody has been interested in it until now.
He was born on 29th February. He celebrates his birthday once every four years.
Let me introduce him to you guys next time, I feel like you guys will get along with each other.
Secondary school physics usually goes up to classical mechanics.
The flood in central China has caused more than 200 deaths.
The death of superstar Leslie Cheung Kwok-wing shocked the entire city of Hong Kong then.
Why are you so scared, you look like you have ran into a horse.
You have to fasten the seatbelt to ensure safety.
You don't know how to solve this math problem? Your dad teaches maths, doesn't he. You are so silly that you didn't ask him!
You're expecting me to work myself to the bone for a pittance of a salary like that?
He is too short, so he needs to stand on tiptoe in order to touch the book.
The girl is gorgeous, but the boy is not that outstanding.
This is really easy to use and truly useful.
Those bananas are so unripe, they are not ripe yet.
He has a wonderful wife, what a blessing.
After you talk to me, I don't have enough guts to see him now.
The paraders marched forward in an endless procession.
Persia is now called Iran.
You are so unfair to her. It's natural for her to be unhappy.
This tool is really useful, without it, the toilet will never be fixed.
Lord, please forgive me for my sins.
Do you want orange juice or orangeade?
The author published a collection of his essays on his own.
I really couldn't expect this car is so fragile, it broke into pieces in a single crash.
The sweet rice balls in this dessert shop are very chewy.
He started working in the insurance field when he was 20, and has been working for 30 years.
Mom! Turn on the water heater please!
The beef brisket with soup of this restaurant is famous. There's always a long queue.
He spent an entire night queuing up for buying his girlfriend a ticket.
Do you know things always change, and change is indeed constant?
CV template
I was thinking of staying at a youth hostel, but he insisted on staying at a hotel.
If you don't mind sharing the same table with others, there are seats for you now.
Me, Chan Ho-nam, calls out for help in Causeway Bay; One hundred people will be right away to help!
Fortune will not befall you for no reason.
My computer is infected by malware, I can't turn it on now.
I received a ticket because I was speeding.
The jewellery at this jewellery shop are all in fixed price.
Dekisugi is a talented student in Doraemon.
There is a long queue at the taxi stand whenever it rains.
Remember to wear hand-free before you drive, to take a phone on hand to talk while driving is illegal.
I will give you whatever you ask for.
3.14 is a decimal, 4 is in the hundredth place.
In the same vein, two linguistically distant languages may be classified as dialects due to political reasons.
You're still going over there even though there's a fight? You might get hit in chaos!
The expo this time has invited several hundreds of manufacturers. It's really a big deal!
You prefer cash or credit card to pay the bill?
These fans slept on the streets for three whole days just to meet their idol once. They must be insane!
Self-drive is definitely the best way to travel in Okinawa.
The people who stand with the government believe it is only the students themselves to be blamed for getting rolled to death by tanks.
Please keep such valuable things intact.
My memory prior to 6 years old is hazy.
Are you telling me you youngsters are out of breath just from running a bit?
Even though she was in the lead all the way through, she miscalculated at the very end and lost the competition.
Since you often go to the library, then you can help me to return all my books for me at your convenience.
The documents shouldn't be scattered all over the place.
What a joke.
What one could have in one's life is predestined.
The expected life of the phone is 1 to 2 years.
If you have any complaints, I will have you sacked.
Let me give you a lift to Tai Po. It's on my way.
The police car blocked the road. No car can go in and out.
The new product is popular in the industry.
After burning the paper money offerings, remember to extinguish the fire.
The blueprint is approved. The book can be published.
There is a seed-pod in the middle of a lotus flower.
It's only 5 o'clock, it's still early.
She's such a cocky and boisterous person; that's why no one likes her.
You two thought I didn't see you making eyes flirting with eyes during dinner?
The plot of the story was very complicated.
Love is not good as your imagination.
We still have not solved this core problem.
If you're interested in placing an order, you can email/text/DM me directly.
I'm responsible for buying the food while you're responsible for cooking.
Think twice before getting loans from loan sharks.
There's a big event coming up, so a series of intensive rehearsals have been scheduled 2 months prior.
Don't turn on the torch while stargazing.
Five contestants will be eliminated in this round.
Going abroad can broaden one's general knowledge.
This fellow only profits at others' expense and doesn't make any contribution.
"You even know how to repair a door!?" "It's a piece of cake."
Let's see the situation on the site first.
It's normal for children to be full of spirit and jump around.
The only thing I want to buy in this shop is not for sale.
He just mislead me to the other side.
You see I'm both fat and short, it's impossible for me to join the Miss Hong Kong competition.
Mr. Chan only had a short conversation with the cashier girl, and that made his wife upset.
Did school just let out? Why are there so many schoolkids crossing the road?
Driver, can you drive a bit slower please?
My dog just gave birth to six pups, I am thinking about consigning them in a pet shop.
After the quarrel yesterday, she has been ignoring me intentionally.
The motto of the City University of Hong Kong is "Officium et Civitas".
The light decorations are colourful, stunning and shiny.
Her parents worried that she might be led astray by her bad friends.
He recently got a good job and it is really happy
The cicadas have started to sing. I think summer is coming soon.
Thanks for your effort this time, thank you.
Think carefully and thoroughly before you find me.
The architecture here is very grandiose.
Irregulated diet and lack of exercise are the main causes of his obesity.
"Burn-in" requires playing suitable sounds at an appropriate volume for the best "maturing" effect. Otherwise the equipment will be damaged.
The candidate's advance helped to promote him before the election.
Count on talent not age in employment.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
The typhoon is at 100km north of Taipei.
An ace and a king will make you a shoo-in.
You keep watch, and we will sneak in. Warn us on the walkie-talkie if anyone comes.
She wins all the attention from the venue with a low-cut gown tonight.
The painting is so real that I thought it was a photograph.
Today is Ching Ming and the descendants visit the graves of their ancestors to pay their respect.
My doctor told me to quit alcohol. Undaunted by the consequences, I keep drinking every day.
She does something illicit secretly to earn money.
Siu-wai warms up slowly to people. She won't be very passionate when you first meet her.
He has bias against me. What I say is useless.
I left my wallet at home, so I gotta go back to fetch it.
I'm gonna die soon. Is it okay if I don't take the surgery?
I will be sent to the branch in Thailand in the coming half year.
This food has gone bad, don't eat it.
What should I pay attention to when going to a bar for the first time?
Running 12 kilometres is a piece of cake to me!
Police officers, both uniformed and plain clothes, were scattered around the airport on surveillance duty.
All metals are electrical conductors.
That manager is not equipped at all, the project will be a failure for sure if led by him.
A hot cup of milk can help you sleep better.
You're supposedly a man, but you look more like a turtle with its head in its shell. Do you ever feel ashamed of yourself?
The popular culture of Hong Kong has appeared for only a few decades.
Kids want to play all the time.
It is still uncertain whether this event can be held or not.
Amid the blazing summer, many couples love to go to the beach and play in the water.
Eat soft rice, soft rice is tasty.
Check the words after you've done the homework.
[ChatGPT]The two guys had a fistfight, but no serious injuries. A verbal warning is enough, no need to bring them to the police station.
Come on! You're not choosing a husband. Tell me what you want to eat!
An atmospheric depression can become a typhoon easily.
Someone told me that this rich guy is still single. You might have a chance here.
He talks and moves frequently in his sleep.
The United Kingdom was the suzerain of Hong Kong.
I am buying something from the 7-11 downstairs.
She is very stubborn; I cannot convince her.
Any recommendations on a fountain pen for beginners?
Sandwich pun : "Half a piece of Lychee" -- extremely angry
There are always only two reasons why they are fighting - either children or money.
"Below the Lion Rock Series" by Roman Tam is a very famous song.
Wear an extra jacket in this cold weather.
Well, it's kinda true that he deserves no help.
This scene has to be finished shooting within 30 minutes.
Are you sure you would like to sit on the "humiliation seat"? I don't want to see a public shaming post on Facebook about you tonight.
Can this problem be solved?
All the acquired donation will be given to the orphanage.
The kettle will be very hot after being used to boil the water. Don't touch it yet.
It was fate that brought these two together again after 50 years.
You can spend time earning money so that both can be satisfied.
For the sake of the relationship, I have no way but to cover up the lies I told before.
Self-combed women was a sign of anti-feudalism.
It is only going down, not that difficult.
Qin Shi Huang enslaved his people, burnt books and buried scholars. Many regard him as a tyrant.
He who is afraid of nothing charges into the middle of the war zone.
Many people misunderstand red laser as infrared radiation.
Riding backwards causes motion sickness.
There was a quarry in Diamond Hill. That's why it's called "Drilling Rock Mountain" in Cantonese.
This year I bought two batches of New Year cake.
All I want is to eat ice-cream here.
Mei-mei is an optimistic person, never moaning about her fate when she encounters difficulties.
You better be careful with that guy who has concealed intentions.
There's too much to recite! Ugh! No idea how to do revision!
Environmental organizations strongly criticise the government for destroying the habitats.
They tried all kinds of tactics to throw us out.
Yesterday I had seafood and I got ripped off!
Remember to leave a 3mm bleed on the draft, or there will be white edges on the print.
Why is red bean sweet soup at the end of every banquet? Can I have other kinds of sweet soup?
The national day of America is 4th July.
Many amateurs think that the more expensive the equipment is, the better the photo, overlooking the importance of composition and timing.
It's best to go hiking in the countryside during the cool autumn season.
The hall in my secondary school is very small.
As he smuggled into the country 50 years ago, he doesn't have an ID card.
It can be said that "5 Centimeters per Second" is a work which integrates most of Makoto Shinkai's elements.
The cue-ball hit the cushion and pocketed the red ball.
Can't you go to the ball? Oh, that's such a pity.
It's general knowledge that the Beijing roasted duck is a very well-known Beijing cuisine.
The report is based on interview data.
I am surprised that I could wake up without the alarm clock this morning.
My elder sister works at Pacific Place.
The code name of this police mission is "Cold War".
He was very shocked when he heard it.
Have you looked at your examination results yet?
Many RTHK programmes are interrupted by advertisements while broadcasting in Canton.
She is one of the front-runners in the contest, however she didn't make top three. It really went against all expectations.
After three weeks of searching for the suspect, the police finally arrested the suspect.
There is nothing to do every day, makes days pass like years.
It's okay. I just wanted to ask whether you had eaten.
The protesters made some noise outside the heavy gates of government headquarters, then dispersed uneventfully.
Only a few people know the truth.
As the old saying goes, "There is no tide without wind".
It's exactly one year since we last met.
He's been injured for quite a long time.
You're just reading out the text like a tape recorder. You won't get it no matter how much time you study.
This weekend, I am going to have dinner with my secondary school classmates.
The leftover coffee should be discarded. Don't drink it anymore.
That limp-dick calls in sick again.
Working as a journalist for a newspaper, one gets meagrely paid now.
Don't get too close. You are sweating all over.
They have their fingers interlaced with each other's. They are in a relationship, aren't they?
My grandparents don't have Alzheimer's. They're still very smart.
Foreigners love to get wasted in Lan Kwai Fong.
The government official got three promotions in ten years.
Some believe that marriage is a constraint.
You should cherish this hard-earned chance.
If you keep buying luxury goods, a higher salary will not make up for your expenses!
He loses money every time he goes to gamble in Macau.
His car broke down, so he's thinking to buy a new one.
This country executes about 100 prisoners every year.
He is away at the moment. I will ask him to call you when he comes back.
Urine tests can help detect kidney disease.
He has a big appetite. You can tell from his fat body.
That prodigy are phenomenal! He's good across the fields, like running, studying, piano and social relationships.
What is the exchange rate from US dollar to HK dollar now?
?
It's barely enough to have only one person carrying all these.
He intended to post a notice in search of a person on the newspaper.
Governments across the world are devils of the same kind, which people cannot trust entirely.
How could you claim to have a clear conscience after you have done so many wrong things?
It's Chinese new year, I should give my mother-in-law a present indeed.
Walk along this tunnel and you will reach the cellar.
I am not related to you anymore. Stop bothering me.
This talk is really worthless, don't bother to attend.
Ming throws down the gauntlet and challenges the team captain to a basketball match.
It takes the Earth 24 hours to rotate once.
Don't count me in, or else he may be unhappy.
The quality of this restaurant has dropped. I won't come again.
Marriage is so important, you shouldn't handle it so rashly.
During the marathon race, a man fell over and cracked his cheekbone.
Did he take French as an elective at the university?
I was drinking by myself to today.
Quit daydreaming, how would you get any girl with that face of yours?
He will conduct his own concert next month.
His illness is getting worse. Perhaps he will pass away very soon...
Save your flattering words, I won't trust you.
The actual number of people coming to the concert was different from what was reported in the newspaper.
Those unfamous artists want to gain publicity by this news.
You can brave through the harshest winter with that hand-knitted scarf around your neck.
This year I want to have some luck in romance.
It is not easy to find such a nice man like him.
He shouted at the cave and got his anger vented.
A monkey has escaped from the zoo into the busy streets.
I have a sense that something bad would happen to me this time.
Don't listen to him. He is just not qualified!
The goods of this shop are relatively cheap.
There are four towel holders at my home.
I don't have any dealings with him anymore.
There is a microwave oven in my home.
There is a lot to learn in steering current.
Hope your store can sell out more goods in the new year!
When policemen are on duty, they cannot smoke.
When you hear a pop, the popcorn should be ready to serve.
Besides soft serve ice cream, there are also small ice cream tubs for sale at the ice cream van.
Despite obstacles, they finally arrived at the destination.
He didn't only break my bag, but also ate all the snacks inside!
The pencil is blunt. Can you pass me the pencil sharpener there?
When seeing girls showing up swiftly without any proper manner, he is exactly a pervert.
His body is so weak. Why did you still ask him to run for two cycles?
Due to the construction work, the villagers are forced to move away from their home.
I've just got breaking news.
Are you selling second-rate products to me so that the price is so low?
the worst ever traffic accident in history
By what means can I see him?
We should protect our environment and use fewer disposable lunch boxes.
Girls love raw food like sashimi and salad for the sake of their healthiness, as there is not a drop of oil nor a grain of salt in them.
"Is somebody in this seat?" "No, it is empty."
Washing dishes without wearing gloves is bad for your hands.
The snowman is melting slowly after the sunrise.
Instant culture is everywhere these days. Teenagers go on a date after two or three days of acquaintance, and break up two to three weeks into their relationship. It's just like instant noodles: cooked, eaten, and promptly disposed of.
I didn't mean to offend you all just now. Please forgive my ignorance.
He had consulted lots of resources before completing the assignment.
Don't ask him for help; he doesn't think with his brain.
When the news has cooled down, the reporters will stop asking about it.
Don't beat about the bush, just tell me where you are.
Old people can easily get tired of living because of their weak bodies.
If I knew this phone was going to be so lousy, I would have paid a few tens of dollars more to buy a better one!
Check and see if this person has any criminal record.
Journalists sneak into the factory to investigate how the workers there are exploited.
We want to interview the school principal about his view on the student strike.
He always makes trouble in class.
The grandfather and grandson have a close relationship.
The kids spilled glue all over the floor. As I watched them do so, I felt very annoyed and disappointed.
[ChatGPT]Legalizing same-sex marriage is met with endless obstacles.
Seeing that the dog is in so much pain, we struggled whether to ask the doctor to give it a shot to allow it to pass away in peace.
The gift I got isn't suitable for me. Can I exchange it with you?
After the earthquake, rescue efforts must be the primary concern and begin at once.
I believe that if our two departments make concerted effort towards the project, we will be able to finish it!
The drawer is filled fully and there's no space left.
I want him to feel it by himself how painful it is to wear high heels.
People with poor respiratory health should not go out because of the serious air pollution today.
She is innocent, and is easily deceived by people.
The two countries have been at war with each other for many years.
The quality of air is bad these days that the nasal passage may be inflammation easily.
Now since the market is unfavourable, we must find new outlets for our products.
Everyone wants to participate in this iBond thing and earns some easy money.
The computer always dies suddenly, how am I supposed to work?
Once you present your card, you can enter the gate.
The word "mister" generally refers to a teacher.
He sells assembled computers that are inexpensive, pretty, and good. If you are shopping for a computer, buy from him.
Someone was on my tail, I need to transfer for four times to lose him.
Don't always argue with others!
The reason that I didn't come was because he was there.
Don't eat rotten apples.
He always teaches things that are outside the syllabus.
I talked with my mom about the childhood shadows I had hidden for many years. Then both of us cried, hugged each other tightly, and finally released the knot in my heart.
This inflated flat claims to be 500 square feet, but actual measurement gives only 350. This is outrageous!
This puzzle game is beneficial to children's intellectual development, so they are suitable for your kids.
After analyzing the data, I noticed that the new drug is ineffective.
My sister often acts like a baby girl, trying to be cute to have my parents spoil her, which is really irritating.
The gift you won from the lucky draw is better. May I swap mine with yours?
Are you having fun tonight?
The spokesperson kept dancing around the issue when pressed with sensitive questions.
Not everyone can stand the pain suffered from gymnastics training.
He is a down-to-earth person. He will do what he says.
Shit, the Hang Seng Index dropped by a whopping 8% today!
Dial the wheel when you arrive, I'll come down to pick you up.
When you stand on top of this cliff, you can see the boundless ocean.
The carcass has to be rinsed before delivery for sale.
The township government, of course, can do whatever they want. The central government is far away and cannot control it anyway.
He said a girl with a little baby fat is cute.
I was told that her mother-in-law treated her like a maid, always throwing harsh words and demands at her. No wonder they have such a sour relationship.
I'm not the same as you. I can't do whatever I want.
Neighbors should help each other.
Finish up the bread; don't waste food.
She forgets her password, so she has to reset it.
The participants exaggerated their verbal variation in their recitation in the competition.
Don't give him money. He's a drug addict.
He didn't reveal his identity.
I haven't weighed myself lately.
The holiday is one day only, I have no idea what should I do!
Nowadays, it is rare to use Acrinol on a wound.
The camera on this phone has 13MP.
He's severely ill and hasn't many days left, so he prepares his will in advance.
He was injured because of an accidental collision.
He put on an angry look.
This book has been put aside the entire time and has been collecting dust for ten years.
A tornado ripped through Florida in the United States, killing one person and injuring one hundred.
The manager has resigned, but he has left behind a shambles.
His wife and his mother quarrel frequently, making him feel really troubled.
We lost the championship finals by a point and, with shame, became silver medalists for the third time.
Beat him up before the conversation continues.
There are many tomorrows ahead. What's the point of finishing everything in a hurry?
He is too indecisive in the business, how can I pass the company to him ?
I want to be 3 cm taller this year.
The ants know how to save up food for the winter.
He treats this failure as a precious experience.
That cough syrup he recommended last time is really great.
Robbing in broad daylight - burglars these days really do have no regard at all for the law, do they?
For many older Hongkongers, singers like the Four Heavenly Kings are fond memories to reminisce.
I don't take well to living in the sticks. It's too out-there, too mosquito-ridden for me. Give me city life any day.
If you are willing to apologise, the matter can still be retracted and settled.
Thw authenticity of the news is to be verified.
Their service often received complaint on its quality.
I believe everyone should have heard the news.
I've been thinking about this question for a while, but I still haven't got an answer yet.
I told you not to drink too much carrot juice! Your face changes to orange colour now. This is your own fault!
Having the experience of SARS, the government has intensified the measurements of epidemic prevention.
Locals love local vegetables most, because local vegetables are the freshest.
Our business has been affected somewhat by the weather these few days.
He can even hardly afford to live in Yau Ma Tei, let alone Happy Valley.
The fortune teller says nothing true but nonsense.
The student union printed a lot of posters to promote the singing contest.
Many people think that only people with mental disorders can apply for a "white card", but it is actually not the case.
When I was young, I also tended to lean left.
I bought some plums. Do you want to have one?
I don't know where he has gone to.
This mobile phone is quite an old model.
There's a group of people making trouble over there, call the police quickly!
He specialised in studying phonetics.
A bright future is guaranteed after finishing BBA training.
My whole body is sweaty after the ball games. I really want to take a shower.
We were neighbours back then, I was there when he was growing up!
The fried noodles are too oily. It's so unappealing that it makes me not wanting to eat it just by looking at it.
It's not easy to raise a kid.
There are foods made of internal organs of animals in Hong Kong.
The road is very complicated, walking on it is very tiring.
How come you speak so not fluently?
The United States Air Force blasted the major operation base of terrorists.
Support environmental protection and use less styrofoam.
Traditional cameras will eventually be replaced by digital cameras.
As the boss says, customers always come first.
Only when animals start to become extinct do we start to conserve them.
That scumbag has cheated all my money,  the sky and earth will not forgive this sucker, woo woo woo....
Why are you putting the blame on me? It has nothing to do with me, it's your own fault and you put the blame on me.
I will do everything I can to help you.
This river divides the city into two zones.
He never gives a thought to personal gain or loss.
The cans can be recycled.
If you practice only the form of martial art but never build up your strength, you will gain nothing when you turn old.
Many people came to watch this stage play, it must be a nice one!
You must by all means possible deliver this document to the client in 2 hours.
They are making preparations for their son's wedding.
That freaked me out! It's really something.
Driving an off-road car zooming through the desert is the best in the world.
After a long period of hard work, he went to Thailand for a holiday.
The left of the entrance is the guest toilet.
It's uncomfortable to sleep on a hard pillow.
Why is your hair so dry? Do you get it permed frequently?
That swindler claims to be an incarnation of Bodhisattva.
None of the accusation you made against me is true. Don't you dare to slander me!
A minute! Don't open the door yet, I haven't finish putting on my clothes.
OCD patients are weirdos in many people's eyes.
There are many bloody scenes in this movie.
He's practiced too intensely; he looked exhausted.
Why did you make so many mistakes today? Were you nervous?
Hiking saps physical strength.
He is a crybaby. No one can handle him.
The band is currently on tour in Asia.
This assignment is due tomorrow but I have done nothing. I need to do it in a hurry!
I have been training this year for a marathon.
Young as you are, it is not too late to awaken now.
Perhaps our son is just too busy with his work, and that's why he cannot come home often. Stop thinking about negative things.
His foolish and silly look is funny.
Taking sleep again makes me much refreshed.
[ChatGPT]My older sister thinks her eyebrows aren't pretty enough and wants to fix them.
It's now widely rumoured that he's getting promoted.
It's disrespectful of you to talk back to your teachers.
I work as an administrative assistant.
This film is highly entertaining and worth watching.
He showed limitless courage in the face of his disability caused by this accident.
I believe there is a creator of the universe.
Things turned out just as I expected.
Today I went to play with my two nephews.
My dad is too lazy to simmer anything; usually he'll just make some choy-sum fishball thin soup.
That cheap, low-grade takeout meal made me reminisce about my life back in the day as a student.
It's easy to get a stomach ache if you eat food that is past their "used by" date.
Whatever he has done, he is still your teacher. Give him some respect.
You are already more than forty years old, but you are still a bachelor.
It is important to clarify the meaning of a word before writing a sentence by the word.
Upon learning about the incident, hospital officials immediately convened an emergency meeting.
You're several decades old, and you still cheat in rock-paper-scissors. What's wrong with you?
If you have not made up your mind right now, feel free to check out our catalogue!
We are giving nice souvenirs to our members.
If he gets angry he will turn completely red.
It's so ridiculous for you to ask such a silly question!
We have already given the presentation.
Let me reveal who you really are in front of everybody!
They have passed through a lot of hardship before getting together, that's why they treasure each other so much.
He was already going bald at 20 and later he became a young bald man.
My daughter-in-law is great, she helps with my son's financial planning.
Is y=x a function or not?
This bottle of pills is used in emergency.
These napkins are really expensive; it's so wasteful you use them to wipe the floor!
The salesman gave me some samples.
Chow Yun-fat is well-known for his friendliness. He never rejects taking photo with fans.
Don't eat! This chocolate dropped on the floor!
What evidence does he have against you?
The US army sends drones to collect intelligence of their enemy.
Most generators convert thermal energy to electric energy.
Superstitious people regard seeing magpie as a good omen.
Photographers collect various kinds of photos which portray different facets of Hong Kong.
The date that we are heading to Japan is 18th June.
This gift is a little token of my regards. I hope you will feel glad of it.
It's better for you to park the car in the car park. The loss will outweigh the gain if you get a ticket.
There are 2 ways of writing this character.
Six eggs, two table spoons of sugar, and some orange peel.
They stuck to their own words and refused to settle their dispute.
The 80s was a high point of Hong Kong manufacturers opening factories in the mainland.
She cut her wrist to put pressure on her ex-boyfriend, wishing to get back together.
I feel scared and abased to attend my first meeting, because all the other attendants are experts.
I've made a mistake again, I'm in deep shit!
He exercises regularly and has a firm and strong body.
The police, after being called, arrived at the location of the incident within three minutes.
My colleague is drawing blueprints for a new house.
The Shu kingdom launched an expedition to the Wei kingdom with 10000 troops.
Are you that naive to think that the teacher will give you some points back if you keep on your campaign of pestering?
His son looks just like him.
The baby is always pointing to things. It is so cute!
Had received all bloody separated tiles from the game start, If I can barely gather a ready hand, I have to admire myself.
One is a factor of all natural numbers.
It's obviously your fault, why don't you admit it?
Your ear is full of wax. It's disgusting.
That damn cop is such a pervert, he went after my best girlfriend after I rejected him.
[ChatGPT]His special skill is smoking two cigarettes at once.
Look, how small and delicate that toy house is!
Who is responsible for this case?
The two of them collude with each other to cheat others' money.
Every lady may have some days to become sexually awakened when she was young.
Even if you go to the ends of the earth, I will follow you.
We do not rule out the possibility of bringing proceedings against him.
That's awesome! Why is it like that? Why is it like that?
I am blown away by how luxurious this ship is.
After this tragedy, the students need counselling.
It feels so good to stretch and yawn after getting awake from sleep.
Removal of a bearing wall can lead to a building collapse.
These years customers in karaoke have been spending less on various beverages.
In Qin dynasty, terracotta warriors replaced the practice of retainer sacrifice.
She wants to make a big quick buck and became a private photography model.
In just a moment pretend you don't know me and come over and greet me, okay?
I have confessed my love to her and now I'm waiting for her to say "yes".
In Central, the streets are full of stationary chauffer-driven cars at day time.
Do you get what [nonsense] the teacher is talking about?
There were ten people in the car, at least.
She's not a very good-hearted, you need to be careful with her.
It is lucky to win when we are facing a strong team.
I will go to my younger brother's graduation ceremony tomorrow.
I had told you not to meddle with my troubles, you are just shooting yourself in the foot.
Tsk, you keep saying how beautiful the girl is, I think she is not really that pretty after second sight.
My relatives keep asking me during their new year's visit if I am going to get married. It's so annoying!
Christians should follow how the Bible teaches to treat pastors well.
Some Hong Kong women like white men more than Hong Kong men.
This wooden raft can carry two people.
Dew is formed from the condensation of water vapour in the air.
He is the worst. Oh, if only he'd just go to hell...
The Pro-establishment still accounts for the majority of the sixth Legislative Council.
You don't have a sense of shame!
The computer has accumulated a lot of problems over time. It's time to fix it.
She said what she did is to help me, but I wasn't easily fooled.
I'm up for anything, let's see what everybody else thinks.
Talking about exam results, he becomes anxious.
He's just here physically; his heart is in other place.
I appreciate Kin's character that he does not bother about trifles.
He helped me out a lot in the past, so I would feel bad if I refused his request.
Study these reference books closely and you won't have any problem with the test.
Justice Bao is really impartial and skillfull when solving cases.
That bad cat went to the altar to sleep.
A legislative councilor proposed lowering the application threshold for compulsory land sale from owning 90% of undivided shares in a lot to 80%.
There are a lot of different factions in the triad gang.
It's so wrong of you that you thought even insignificant people can get in.
I was at a job interview today and has endured a neck-breaking wait for the interviewer.
How can it be raining with such a fine weather? Quick, seek refuge under that canopy.
The girl played the guitar and sang. As she started, the audience was stunned.
We have very different sets of values.
The toilet is flooded, I've already asked somebody to come fix it.
He grew up in the orphanage, knowing nothing about his own background.
The table was not padded stably, it still keeps rocking.
Deal with the most urgent problems first.
We hope that the TV programme can raise the audience's understanding towards traditional skills and cultural activities, thereby promoting local cultures.
Why do you look so sad? Did you lose the video game?
I want to buy a house with a yard garden included.
The duty of a lifeguard is to save people from drowning.
You made me feel that there is still hope.
When the boss says so, just bite a bullet and do as told. You have no choice.
How come you are so out? This is the hottest game these days!
Don't indulge in your past. Face the reality.
He has been working for over thirty hours without sleeping. He can be referred as an "iron man".
Oh, no more chocolate cookies? Poor you, none left for you I guess.
This kind of plant is heat-tolerant, so it can grow in deserts.
Any abuse of power should not be tolerated.
This street is full of shops selling dried seafood and other delicacies.
Both of them get along for many years. They know each other's mind well.
I have just been all over the place lately because my family is moving during my exams.
He hurt his head and received three stitches in the hospital.
Producing a computer involves complicated procedures.
Keep the user manual so that any problem can be fixed when using.
He was pressed to pay off his debts so hard that he applied for bankruptcy protection.
You owed me $50 already, and you still want more?
After the renovation, the building returns to its original state finally.
The sound of gunfire panicked the crowd.
He has joined the auxiliary police forcestudent by day and police at night.
She is on holiday. Please call again two days later.
After chain playing of mahjong, a male mahjong player was believed to be too tired and faded away.
The audience of this advertisement is the elderly.
The artist's wife used to be his manager.
You are such a maniac.
I am filled with rage when I think about it.
They chat so happily that they are likely to get along quite well.
Astrologists have recently discovered a new planet.
Every time he leaves home, he must bring two servants with him.
Damn! I overlooked one whole question in a rush to finish the exam paper!
In the past, there used to be neon signs all around this area, and you could walk the streets at night without fear of darkness.
To be a doctor in a locality, one must first know the endemic diseases there. For example, favism, though rather common in Hong Kong, is not common knowledge among UK graduates.
Don't annoy me again, please!
The vaccine has been given full approval by the relevant authorities in the U.S.
My phone is stuck deep under the cabinet, I can't reach it.
Paying with your credit card gives you double bonus points today.
Rust is actually iron oxide.
This pillow is not thick enough. If I slept on my side, my head would have not enough support, so I think sleeping on my back would be more comfortable.
[ChatGPT]If he doesn't have money for drugs, he'll resort to stealing.
You're a man, don't argue over petty matters!
We took photos of what happened at that time.
His family flew to the USA yesterday to avoid the Lunar New Year.
The purpose of the game is to tease your brains.
It's been tough for us to get over the challenges all along. We must win in the final!
[ChatGPT]I'm scared, help me.
You are 18 now. You have to collect the adult identity card.
We should not underestimate our opponents.
My friend is really stubborn. He never listens to people.
I don't care what he says.
He couldn't make a living in a foreign country, so he came back to Hong Kong to look for a job.
They've hung down a rope from the roof.
Time is running out. You need to speed up in learning.
The nomads were brave and good at fighting, defeating Zhongyuan armies.
Mum looks after us meticulously, we should be filial towards her.
He pretty much does nothing but stands there or walks aimlessly. That doesn't help much.
We must consider his safety.
"Lively worm lunchbox crafted with love" is made from fresh superworms and fragrant white rice.
No need for a sword. Just use Black Vortex (brand).
My home is ten minutes' walk from the bus stop.
The famous painting by him is a representative piece of artwork of pop art which emerged suddenly then.
The defendant was imposed severely for ten-year's imprisonment.
The obscene act of that Father enraged people.
Normally that is not allowed, but we can try to sneak by.
Why is the crowd staying around there?
A man would easily become the mediator between his mother and his wife.
The individuals listed above please show up at 8 am tomorrow.
The pipelines carry crude oil direct from the oil field to the harbour.
We hope that the victims from each country will rest in peace.
It's cold here, drape a coat over yourself.
My bedroom is too small to place one more bedside cabinet there.
I will become rich someday. By that time, we will go travelling together and the bill is on me.
What's up with you? These emails have been left unanswered for two weeks already!
You would know Ah-sze is well-bred person from her speech and behaviour.
To sustain a happy marriage, effort from both the husband and the wife is required.
We all feel happy for you.
She has a sad life, her parents passed when she was just born.
He went over the seas and far away all alone in seek of his dreams.
The scene tomorrow needs 200 extras for the roles of students, do me a favour to call a bunch of extras to come to work.
The police cracked down this prostitution ring with help from undercover officers.
They kissed and hugged each other.
Debt collectors frequently visit his home recently. Guess he borrowed a lot from a finance company.
Taking into consideration that he is your relative, we'll help him once.
My father is a professional butcher, leaving home to the slaughterhouse every day before dawn, and that is hard work.
I helped him modify his paintings by adding the backgrounds.
My late grandpa will indeed bless me to get it through.
My son would rather die than sit still and eat the rice. I can't do nothing else for him.
A button has come off my shirt, could you sew it on for me?
Hey man, I don't want to guess anymore! None of my guesses is right! Just tell me the answer quickly!
Sentencing is a judicial function to be exercised by the courts independently and exclusively.
With all due respect, your grades can't get you hired anywhere.
Don't you think making noise the whole day is very annoying ?
How can we let go of grief of parting?
This woman plays a role of a man.
The plane is delayed. We have to wait for an hour and a half.
Let's bet on how late he will be.
The stars twinkled in the sky.
All the troops have safely crossed the river.
You won the last game. Now I'm the last one to play.
MBA has become a hot and popular course recently.
You don't have a bit of sympathy!
He snores so loudly that it often disturbs my sleep in the dead of night.
Because a typhoon hit Hong Kong, many flights had to be cancelled and many travellers were held up at the airport.
to retreat temporary, for preserving resources and energy
Do you still think the fraudster would return your money?
You are almost stepping over the edge and might fall into the sea!
If you still don't come to eat, flies will come and eat your meal soon.
My anus is burning with pain after taking a big poop.
There are no more good people in this world!
You may come. I am fine with it.
He's just twenty, and has already started losing hair on his crown.
I would like to have a suite with sea view.
I purchased six hours of time in the Internet caf.
I fought back because he assaulted me first!
Do you have fifteen minutes? Help me dice the chicken meat, will you?
It is hard to imagine that tiny place like HK is home to 7 million people.
In Ching Dynasty, Manchu women did not have foot binding.
I went a long way to have afternoon tea in Tin Shui Wai.
We didn't do enough assessment beforehand, which led to this situation.
Damn, when I was taking the subway, the creepy old man who stood next to me kept elbowing my boobs.
He attends this ceremony pro forma.
Our skincare products are all made from plants.
The awarded tender is owned by the chairperson of the owners corporation. How is that not cronyism?
I think eating ice-cream and having a nice masturbation are great ways to relieve stress.
The new shoes have given me blisters on my feet.
Oh no! I have forgotten to back up my photos. They are all gone now.
Your tattoo is pretty! Where did you get it?
I finally understand now, Ming was right about what she said last night.
The grassroots are always exploited by the rich.
They ran nakedly to protest against humans' killing of animals for their skin.
The plan is progressing very smoothly. Nothing bad should be going to happen.
There are 500 applicants for this single opening.
Ha-ha! Hurray! We won!
Look at her smile, how she is over the moon with the gift from her boyfriend.
He suffered from an abdominal pain so he went out to see a doctor.
He really hates socializing, and will squirm and moan in reluctance when told to do so.
It is rumoured that we can treat a cold with hot lemon coke.
This land will be used for residential development.
Revise this piece of information in details! It is good for your interview.
I faintly hear his laughter echoing in the hallway.
I haven't got the faintest idea of losing my wallet, those fingers must be feather light.
The panda is an endangered species.
This is my only daughter. Of course she is precious to me.
This building is located at the centre of the city.
The alley is too narrow that I can only walk through by turning my body to one side.
Zhang Xiaodong brought Dragon-Scale Binding back to life with the art of traditional binding.
Your alarm clock has been ringing for an hour. Don't be such a sleepyhead.
The band on the stage invited the audience to request songs.
It's exactly seven o'clock now, time to get off from work.
Yesterday, I totally disassembled my car. Thousands of its pieces are now hidden in the garage.
Let's take a family photo since everyone is here today.
On behalf of our company, I would like to express our sincerest gratitude to all of you.
To his valiant actions, I have nothing to offer but the my deepest respect.
This shop specialises in very high-class stuff that common people can hardly afford.
Being a construction worker requires a lot of physical exertion.
Please pardon my bluntness. I spoke without thinking.
Smoking would sow the seeds for lung cancer.
Soldiers need to obey the officers' orders.
This is a complicated machine, it requires a certain amount of expertise to operate.
To conduct a census, we need to do interviews household by household.
Remember to like my page, so you don't miss any updates!
You always come to work late and leave early. Are you trying to set me off?
The colouring of the Four Season Ink series is very nice.
Look at you, just a small compliment and your face is already bright red.
Do you remember that time we ate out? Ah Kit's the guy we bumped into.
Cantonese cuisine is famous around the world.
Putting the agreement in writing will protect everyone's rights.
He chartered a plane to send his dog to England.
I have a deep impression of him.
I will go back to America after I finish the arrangements for grandpa's funeral.
Subculture can conversely nurture the mainstream culture to make it better.
The paper is to thick is too thick for printing.
This boss is very mean about money and treats his workers very harshly.
I suspect my neighbour is a special agent.
This camera produces a lot of visual noise, so panning is necessary.
The Hungry Ghost Festival is coming, please help buy some gold, sliver and clothes paper.
Those two guys are whispering to each other at the back. They might be planning something.
There are Chinese subtitles in this movie.
A: "How effective will doing that be?" B: "I have the same question."
It's even worse in rain that I haven't brought my umbrella!
The two checkpoints currently handle 280,000 people every day.
I'm sorry I took you the long way around.
On the form there is a question about your ID card number.
People suffered greatly under the harsh law codes during the Chun Dynasty.
Inflation is climbing fast in Hong Kong now. I can't afford the basic necessities, even with two jobs.
The judge ruled there was a case to answer for the defendant charged with manslaughter.
This shopping mall only sells mainstream products.
They are the only business in town, of course they are very profitable.
Do you know how to draw a triangle using a compass?
Hope that our friendship can last long.
Both of them are very close friends; wherever they go they stick together.
I don't care even if you die, it's none of my business, don't involve me in this.
The hare was in the lead, but then fell asleep. Consequently, the tortoise overtook the hare.
Today in Shenzhen I had $500 extorted from me.
[ChatGPT]"I put in half the effort, but I want to get the full reward."
You are lying! It's not so!
Why are there so many petals on the floor?
She does not mind netizens' exposing her photos in public.
She was hurt by the boiling water when she was making the dinner.
The Chief Executive goes to Beijing to meet the vice-premier.
At the end, alcoholism will leave you nothing.
The news of the president's death shocked the entire nation.
The salary is so low. At worst I'd just quit.
He looked so sincere that I could hardly judge whether he was telling the truth or falsehoods.
They provide the chicken, and you only need to provide the soy sauce. This deal is a steal!
It seems that donating to a charity can deduct tax.
backlit keyboard
My mother is a civil servant; she will receive a monthly pension after retirement.
After the terrible disaster, not even a blade of grass grows.
It's not just cats and dogs, but also birds that are popular pets.
This murderer wants to kill the only witness at the scene.
You should not always fuss over trivial matters.
Seafood rolls are crispy. Children love to eat them.
Please do not bring foreign food, otherwise please leave the venue.
He tried to evade the police by hiding in a secret place.
10 civilians were killed in just one air raid.
My boss is very demanding. She's like not satisfied with something even after ten revisions.
Typhoon Nida is approaching Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Observatory has announced that the No. 8 tropical cyclone signal will be issued within two hours.
Haven't you ever seen a dog dancing? It's nothing rare.
If you find success in your career, please keep watch for me too!
We cannot let the innocent be harmed.
This restaurant is very dirty. There are many cockroaches.
Have you naughty pests scream enough? Can you guys just sit down and do some reading for a moment?
They can only engage in surface-level chatter. They fail to consider the key factors leading to this.
Oh no, this is such a long queue, the head is still out of my sight even after queuing for half an hour!
After he got a grasp on the others' history, he refuses to meet them.
A cube possesses six identical sides.
The cleaner is cleaning up the vomit on the floor.
[ChatGPT]It is said that they are trying to divide and conquer by infiltrating the movement.
Hong Kong residents can apply locally for Social Security in Shenzhen.
My home is directly opposite to the University of Hong Kong.
The house has a lot of windows, so it's well-ventilated.
Pfft, he makes empty talk only. I don't expect that he is capable to do so.
How come you can have such comfortable lifehanging out, going to the cinema but need not work on weekdays?
She showed off her slim and long legs by wearing a bikini.
He is living a lively life.
The two competitors are neck and neck, it's difficult to say who has a better chance of winning.
The plots of these soap opera are more or less the same, they are very boring.
I need the square one, while you give me the circle one. Are you kidding me?
Keep your filler well, if not, you will easily lose it.
It is said that left-handed people are born to be cleverer.
This lady, as she passed by, saw $10000 left behind on the ground. Not picking up the money, she called the police and waited for their arrival.
Mrs Chan, why are you dressed so young today?
Her Mandarin is proficient and accentless.
Do it by yourself, don't have so many requests.
His illness often recurs and is not yet completely treated.
I'm always under my wife's control.
The share price of company A was $4.5. After ex-dividend exercised yesterday, the share price now is $4.00.
Folding a few clothes is just an easy job. Let me do it myself.
This nation suddenly claims to possess nuclear weaponry.
He claims to be alright, in fact suffering alone in silence.
This student is very diligent and also very clever.
Hey, you should know he's such an overbearing person.
Compiling a dictionary is a tedious task.
a shabby pair of jeans
Those vegetables have been washed once. You just need to wave them a couple times under the water and they'll be clean enough.
To ensure the authenticity of the figures, the interview may be audio recorded, but the recorded data will only be used for internal reference. Shall we start the survey now?
Do think twice before you act, there might be somebody secretly plotting against you.
Pay him a visit at the hospital when you have time.
His appeal was successful that the Court of Final Appeal overturned the original decision.
He earns a miserable wage from his job, but he doesn't seem to mind a single bit. In fact, he doesn't even complain about having to work overtime every day.
Don't believe him, he's just trying to gain your sympathy.
His hand was barbed by splinters of his chopsticks when he was having lunch.
Even I have personal vendetta with him, I have to say something fair for him.
I will finish this group project on my own.
The ratio of male and female students in this school is one to three.
The two stations is not more than 500 metres apart from each other.
Remember to dispose of stagnant water so as to avoid the breeding of mosquitoes.
You are gonna break your backpack by stuffing so many books into it.
My ear is full of wax so I cannot hear clearly.
Having a traitor like you in the family is a disgrace!
She got a promotion because she was always kissing her boss's ass.
Did you made it in time to school today?
The motor has a broken piston. Let's get a repairman to fix it.
The salesperson is at introducing the functions of the product.
The school has been having a sharp rise in their ranking in the district these years. A lot more parents apply for admission for their children.
He has kept his devotion to serving the neighbourhood.
He hurts his leg, so he hobbles along the road.
They have known each other for quite a while, but they just cannot get along well.
The police send the illegal immigrants back to the mainland.
I don't like talking to Ah-wai. He has a vulgar mouth.
"Can I speak to Mr. Chan?" "Who is that?"
To keep your body in a good shape, just doing aerobics is not enough. You must complement it with weight training.
Persons should be authorized to use explosives for blasting work.
Fai's very likely to win this competition. We can think about how to celebrate for him in advance.
No newspaper in this town has any credibility.
The water splashes on me and I am all wet.
After millenniums of evolution, these alien and bizarre dinosaurs gradually turned into the birds that we commonly see nowadays.
I see a convenience store ahead.
Due to the influence of the No.8 typhoon signal, ferry services will be suspended.
He likes wearing polo shirt to work.
In this day and age, service like that is unacceptable.
You can use this formula to check whether your body weight falls within the normal range.
That airline company has a promotional campaign. A ticket from Hong Kong to Okinawa is just HKD1000. What a great buy!
The biggest blockade of making friends is one's own cheapskates.
She is hot, but her personality is not.
I'm always more than happy to help - we are on the same side.
He told his students to grind herbs into powder.
Let me apply some SPF 50 sunscreen.
You might find things you didn't notice if you slow down your pace of life.
These gangsters commit crimes in a very violent manner.
It's raining. Go inside quickly!
I hope that all of us will showcase our team spirit in the coming year, and lead our company to scale a new height!
Go on a vacation trip with me. Eat wildly, travel wildly, play wildly!
Cover your mouth when you burp, it would be really rude not to do so.
The ingredient is commonly found and available in supermarkets.
This building doesn't have a 13th floor.
There are fifteen units in this textbook.
He is dumb, but he's hardworking, isn't he?
All the fighting scenes in this movie are close quarters. I love it.
He never follows the rules, I'm so angry!
After two months of investigation by the police, the case was finally solved.
He always criticizes my fashion sense.
He is one of the excitable sorts and roaring laughter is his signature.
Flowers from your boyfriend! How sweet!
May lost her job suddenly, therefore she was very upset.
The chef's knife-work is incrediblehe truly lives up to his "master chef" moniker.
In China, the use of mobile phones is already very widespread.
If you want to have good results in your exam, you should start your revision as early as possible.
Here is the former site of police school.
The keyboard of my computer is out of order, and I can't type anymore.
The killer pointed the head of his gun towards the target.
Enough of pleasantries, let us get straight to the point.
Has anyone heard of this firm?
My friend had a crush on a TA in her school.
All contestants please gather on the runway.
Mr. Chan called in sick today, so we'll have a make-up lesson next week.
May I dance with you?
There is a function again that we need to host. It seems that we will be busy for some time.
Eating buffets for several days makes me grow much fatter all of a sudden.
Youve been to Canada for a long time. Have you already got the permanent residence status?
A tropical cyclone is moving towards the South China Sea.
I don't want to be a useless person.
You better take this incident as a warning. Don't make the same mistake next time.
If the battlefront approaches the capital city, it will be time to ask the head of state and the citizens to evacuate.
You should probably receive more lessons before you come here!
You don't need to ask at all. It must be him!
My face got slammed by a ball when I passed through the pitch.
Since the Government's coffers are now outpouring, the Financial Secretary should not remain a miser; instead, he should return the revenue to the people.
When I was small, if I did something wrong, Dad would use a ruler to spank my hands.
Supplies from home front are also crucial to a war.
The maid takes care of our family for 10 years.
It's still too raw. Cook it a bit longer.
As long as she's happy, that will be good for me.
I was nearly hit by a bus and my ghost was scared out of my shell.
I guarantee you won't get constipation after eating plantain.
This actress usually wears clothes a size bigger. I didn't realize she had such big boobs.
Have you applied any summer class for your son?
Students should read more books after school.
Don't judge from his shabby looking, Uncle Tat owns 5 Taxi Licences well worth over ten million; he is just hiding the pearl in a haystack.
We made up a group of four, enough to play mahjong together.
Lunch? I'm fine with anywhere.
I don't hold out much hope that you will forgive me, I just want you to live happily hereafter.
Names of people and places are just proper nouns.
Having played for two hours, I have certainly been fully satisfied with playing.
We have struggled in this relationship for a whole year.
I'd like to hold an inter-school event. What do you think?
He was caught laundering money, I am afraid he should start preparing himself for some time behind the bar.
There is some family matters that I have to deal with, so I have to apply for an early leave today.
I will prepare a proposal when I get back to the office.
The shop opens overnight. One can hang around there.
Many parents think that mental abacus arithmetic can help their kids calculate faster.
The anti-drug raid was directed by Mr. Chan, the superintendent of police.
I don't feel comfortable around you.
Just go with the flow and don't screw it.
All interior angles of a regular pentagon are obtuse angles.
Wish you all advancement next year.
In the Olympics in 2012, Hong Kong  gymnast Angel Wong Hiu-ying got onto the balance beam with a movement she designed herself. The movement was thus named after her name.
The bank has frozen all his bank accounts under restraint orders.
How can we start the course when there aren't enough students?
The format of this Word file is .docx, which versions earlier than MS Word 2007 cannot open.
I'm a simple man. I don't really know too much.
Your loud laughter is making you conspicuous.
Depositing coins into a bank account may be charged.
Divorce rate increases; single-parent families are getting more and more common.
When will you finish this lot of model planes?
There is no hope in getting good marks in the exam.
Everybody's aesthetic feeling is different.
Which of these two drawings do you prefer at first sight?
The chairman thought that he calls the shots, without the need to hear the advice from the members. Now the members say they demand him to step down. He has really just been playing around and got into great trouble.
The windowless bathroom in my apartment is poorly ventilated and unhygienic.
This is quite useful that it should be nationalized, so as to support the development of One Belt One Road .
Fathers-to-be are not allowed to join the dragon boat parade on Tuen Ng.
They're making out in the public, how revolting!
Stop the aggression or we use force.
This can be viewed with other angles, not necessarily what he said.
The side effects of this pill are too strong. It makes me dizzy and my hands tremble.
Yesterday, there were three new disease cases in Hong Kong.
Ultraman has used up his power, red light is flashing on his chest.
We have Mr. Chan here to explain the arrangement of the events in brief.
This tree branch is thick enough!
Don't think that I perform so easily. I practiced hard for a long time before I can make it.
She's never cared very much about her appearance.
Enough! I am the Emperor and I don't need you to tell me what to do!
The hostages were tied up with ropes.
We accept mail for delivery from 9 o'clock in this area.
Catch the ball when it rebounds.
If you don't have a pastime to kill time, find one. Or else you'll be bored to death.
I am defeated by the germs again. Feeling so sick now.
He cooks gook-looking and tasty dishes quickly, attracting lots of customers.
I screwed up the exam again.
There are Christians singing Christmas carols on the street every Christmas Eve.
Stop spacing out and give me a hand.
This application may share your personal data with a third party. Think twice before download it.
This manga has a superb romantic subplot!
I have no comment on the matter.
This person always telling lies, do not trust him.
Bros, any good news/stuff?
This mouse pad has a spot that acts as a cushion for the wrist.
She is the number-one scholar in this year's final exam. She got distinctions for all the subjects.
At the beginning, I didn't even know how to speak a Cantonese sentence.
He often pretends to be a good guy, what a hypocrite.
The fox transformed into a girl at a blink of an eye.
This is a pack of desiccant, don't eat it.
There are 5 districts, namely Tsuen Wan, Kwai Tsing, Tuen Mun, Yuen Long and the Islands in the western part of Hong Kong's New Territories.
There is a shabby store in an estate in Chai Wan.
This tree has grown quite a bit!
One side of my table tennis racket is short pips rubber.
You can't sleep in a cot anymoreyou're no longer a baby.
She is as tough as a female tiger. It's surprising that she managed to get married!
You don't have to make things so difficult for me in every possible means, I'll quit.
Why do you still have time to socialize given that you are so busy?
He loses the game every time, so bad!
Planting needles on bus seats? That's insane!
This movie stars the Best Actor of the previous year.
The toilet is clogged. I need to get a plunger to pump out the sewage to clear it.
We need to get our story straight, so no one finds out our secret.
Please print on one-sided paper for the draft.
This saloon can accommodate 10 people.
I feel that you care more about money than me.
Hardship makes him more determined.
This kind of cake is easy to make. You'll learn to make one in no time.
The computer is out of order, leaving me unable to finish my homework.
There is a kind of bird that can fly for 10 months straight.
Everyone in their family loves outdoor activities; that's why they're all so tan.
My patience is limited.
Australia Dairy Company is very famous for its double-boiled fresh milk and egg white dessert.
Is everyone enjoying themselves?
Those who reap without sowing will not get any achievement.
Drugs are harmful to health and addictive. They are appreciably harmful.
This year, there are several hundred participants fighting for a championship in the marathon.
She always tosses and turns in her sleep. Sometimes when she wakes up, she finds herself sleeping on the other side of the bed.
This shirt suits you.
The murderer turned out to be a venomous snake.
Let me enjoy the breakfast and then I will get back to work.
Just look at A-chung. Seeing he messes up even a simple prayer, I know he doesn't have enough practice.
The air in the urban area is so polluted and stagnant, which makes me sneeze whenever I go out.
I only did that to survive!
What he does causes much shame for A-ming.
It's okay to write some gibberish. You don't have to be that serious.
Time after time I expected to live a comfortable life. I got the opposite every single time.
It is so cold outside. I won't go out.
He hit his wife until she bled.
The appearance of the actor is so delightful.
I do my utmost to avoid appearing with him in the same occasion, but there is nothing I could do in case of coincidence.
He had been unemployed for an year and has finally found a post in the government sector now.
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
The train will arrive in 5 minutes.
Everyone knows my neighbour Mrs Wong is a bigmouth.
When the princess arrives, everyone has to make way for her.
The police managed to subdue the kidnapper. The hostage was unharmed.
I have many friends who are gay, and I have heard the many problems that they face.
The bus driver caught a fare dodger yesterday.
Remember to apply bug sprays before hiking.
A dating app? A hookup app instead!
"You are smart!"  "It isn't so!"
Do you think from my perspective?
If a caterpillar can turn into a butterfly, then a chicken can also become a phoenix.
She has just undergone surgery. The doctor says she needs to rest for a few days.
We should trust the expertise of the medical personnel.
The time is now 2:35 p.m.
On your marks, get set, go!
Every day is a fine day if you are glad.
The owner wants to sell the flat to the others.
Nowadays, dining out is getting pricey.
Politics may let fools think that they suddenly have so much insight.
This is an effective prescription handed down in my family for diarrhea.
Rusting of iron is a very slow process under normal temperature.
The rescue team is trying to reach the wounded with cables.
He is an unsatisfactory strategist, proposing bad suggestions all the time.
Our boss is bald, therefore we avoid using any word that may rhyme with it.
The job is too dangerous to do. Anything that risks your life, no matter how high the salary, it still doesn't worth it.
His boyfriend is too infatuated with her, and deprived her of personal freedom by wanting to see her every minute.
Who puts the box of cakes into the refrigerator?
The founding fathers of our country have inspired the later generations. Their spirit will live on.
This guy is tanned and muscular. He must be tough.
The attending candidates are reasonably nervous about the exam.
They are always standing in sharp opposition to each other, and neither side is prepared to compromise.
What the hell, since when can a cycling accident make it to the headlines?
The atmosphere is great here, everyone is joyful.
This course is divided into three levels, including beginner, intermediate and advanced.
Don't believe him, he's just boasting.
I'm still a novice, so please correct me when I do something wrong.
He looks like an average joe, but he is in fact a board member.
He always brags about himself, just ignore him!
I knew about your evil plot from the start.
In villages medicine and facilities are insufficient, and kids are likely to die early.
All of you are always defeated by me!
Scoring Rankings of The Primer League
When some of the media report suicide cases, they like to speculate on the cause of the suicide.
Once you purchase over $300, you can join the lucky draw.
It would be embarrassing to return to the team after leaving it.
You can always talk to me if something is troubling you.
That actress faded out of the show business after she got married.
If you don't forgive yourself, you will be eternally doomed.
I donated so old clothes to the charity.
Some say the ghost is really active on the seventh night, we better leave early tonight to avoid disturbing them.
I've put aside learning German for so many years that I've forgotten almost all of what I've learnt.
Don't exit the gate right now. Let's meet on the platform first.
You don't know how do to anything, it's like you've got all ten fingers twisted up.
The war between these 2 countries would be triggered in an instant.
I don't want to hear this gossip.
Chan is a top surname in Sinosphere.
Are you thirsty? Drink some water.
Society was peaceful and prosperous in the first half of the year, but in the second half of the year many people went bankrupt and committed suicide.
It becomes a 10 day long holiday this month if applying leave on 3 days.
I'll do the homework at night. Let me take an afternoon nap.
The products have to be tested before transporting to the buyers.
Want to borrow money? I am currently not able to lend it though.
My friend has been doing casual work for years, and is not looking to find a more regular job.
As the hearse drove out of the funeral home, the public lined the streets to bid farewell.
A policeman was assaulted by a bandit and lost his gun.
He needs to see a social worker due to family problems.
Lu Xun wrote stories to mock the ridiculous things happening in the society at that time.
Let me explain to you again using Cantonese.
Who are the bridesmaids for Mary's wedding party?
It is written clearly on the contract that one-month notice is needed for resignation.
Knowing that the house is empty, the thief broke into it and stole many valuable items.
How many stars is this hotel rated at?
Knowing that grandfather is safe and sound, we feel relieved now.
She is a princess from the upper class. How could she be able to do these tasks?
I heard that he has an addiction to collecting antiques.
Many literary works are inspired by our daily lives.
A modern woman no longer depends upon men for a living.
I want the photo laminated so that I can put it in my wallet.
A 30-year-old virgin, what a pity.
Mrs Chan always cheats on someone when buying groceries, she must have saved quite a lot of money.
December was another positive month for European equity markets, ending a strong year 2019.
His eldest son was not delivered by his legal wife.
The two gangs fight openly during daytime in Mongkok.
The amount of subsidy is determined depending on the number of students that are admitted.
When there's no music to stir up the atmosphere, it feels like something is missing.
Ka-yi has a dignified and proper style of speech.
Sai Kung North is an exclave of Tai Po District because it does not border the district on land.
There can be many princes, but only one crown prince in the realm.
The product will be delivered to your home tomorrow.
to put the blame on, to drag someone into, to bring someone down to something messy
China sent many soldiers to the war.
The fishing rod is moving fiercely.  There must be a fish!
He works day and night for the family. But he never complains.
I'll have afternoon tea first, and then go.
This matter is really meaningful and thought-provoking!
The series of murder events that happened last year still remain unsolved. Looks like we need some help from Sherlock Holmes.
Fellow villagers, they said they would blow up the hill!
The building has to be renovated again, the owners are vehemently protesting the arrangement.
Don't swim outside of the shark net. It's dangerous.
I've only been watching Japanese animation since I was young, so the Korean ones are really not my cup of tea.
Undead creatures are commonly seen in video games with fantasy themes.
You kicked off your blanket when sleeping, didn't you? It must be why you have caught a cold.
People started smoking around rubbish bins on the street since the government banned indoor smoking.
Why do girls these days love wearing fluffy sweaters so much?
Our society needs interdisciplinary polymaths to look for a way out.
I am always lucky enough to win when playing mahjong.
Nowadays, students are always asked to take dictation in school.
Boss, what dishes would you like?
I questioned him loudly as to why he didn't notify me before taking action. He was silent.
Try to release your feelings that you have bottled up and relax yourself.
With haste you'll only waste your effort.
There is still rice in this bowl, no matter how much I eat.
The Consumer Council points out that full body checkup plans do not help to detect inconspicuous diseases.
It's said that a daughter is a dad's lover from his past life.
Birds are evolved from dinosaurs.
He's a rascal, don't believe in him.
No worries! Come and have a simple meal with us!
This essay is long and wordy. It's a bad example for writing.
Don't believe her, she is lying.
An experienced post-natal care helper can make as high as twenty five grands per month.
After working in his father's trade company for five years, he started a company of his own.
He avoided answering my question.
One of the blood vessels in his heart is blocked.
It only took a quick glance for him to spot the cop.
I am not good at creating plans so I am not going to major in Marketing.
The voltage of this battery is 1.5 volt.
Round the answer to two decimal places.
Do not force him, he won't be coerced!
I want to see the chef! This dish is worse than pig feed!
Silver colour looks futuristic.
My son is going out with her daughter.
Hurry to the hospital, it's urgent and we need you to decide right now.
Have you set everything up?
A telecommunications service provider will organize a net speed competition at Sham Shui Po.
A-chung set up a factory that smelt gold.
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
I got a 0 mark in the exam, mom must fight my bottom!
There is nothing I can do. You should find a more capable person.
We arrived the airport just before the plane took off.
All along, he's had a grudge and has been waiting for a chance for revenge.
Don't be fooled by his appearance.
The concert tickets sold out in seconds.
At this age, I am indifferent to these problems, it's meaningless to complain.
The sports ground is near the bus terminal.
Improving your communication skills can get you a higher chance of being recruited.
The thermometer should be placed under the tongue. Take it out after one mintue.
We didn't just go shopping, we even watched a movie.
It is wrong for you to look down on poor people.
These thing are already out of date.
Please be more careful when you write. If this reaches the public we are gonna be in deep shit.
Hand sanitizers usually contain 70% to 80% of alcohol.
Last night, I dreamt I was a butterfly.
Xavi is the midfielder and the brain of FC Barcelona.
This chapter is about the fateful encounter between the male lead and female lead beneath a wood cotton tree. For illustration, let's put in a photo of wood cotton tree taken from below.
Why are you watching the movie alone tonight? Where's your boyfriend?
This flat is near schools and bus stops.
They started an argument on the Internet and have been arguing for a long time.
Be careful when using the chainsaw.
He is innocent. If you need someone to blame, blame me!
Manager asked me to serve a glass of water to the lady over there.
If you encounter strange problems, you can ask for his advice.
I have spent most of my time on this project.
She has legions of suitors.
Our school team has bagged all five gold medals in the inter-school competition.
"Ap Lei Chau" is named because the appearance of this island is similar to a duck's tongue.
This black man is most famous for playing jazz.
During the economic recession, local banks in Hong Kong made people's lives more difficult by tightening loan approvals.
The officer did nothing but split the society apart.
We are going to a concert in Hung Hom tonight.
His sick mother is a burden to him.
You're just a pre-whipped pushover in her eyes. So much for you always helping her with her computer, trying to get next to her.
Inside the deep doors of imperial palace, I am second only to one.
They conspired to cheat others out of their money.
He will appear in court tomorrow, acting as a witness for the prosecution.
You should be careful while hiking. What should I do if you have an accident?
I walk alone along the road of darkness.
The late British scientist Alan Turing had helped to crack the German's cipher during World War Two.
You can't even take a joke. How would you have friends?
He used a fancy polish and shined his shoes until he could see his face in them.
Business is flourishing in this Cantonese restaurant.
Our shop never advertises, its all just word of mouth.
Magic is a common theme in fantasy literature.
Surez acted all crazy and bit the others again, that the owner is thinking about selling him.
My son is so naughty and really difficult to teach.
If you put yourself in other people's shoes, you wouldn't like to be cheated either.
Autism is a disorder caused by the deficiency in nerve cells.
Ah-yip turns his nose one at what Ah-keung did.
The mountain path was too steep, making it difficult to hike.
You are saying something irrelevant, we are not talking about this right now.
Life without meaning is even worse than death.
[ChatGPT]It's really difficult to be a government official in Hong Kong these days. You have to deal with political tasks from your superiors, while also maintaining your image.
Doing so much work turns out to be all in vain, still.
This bowl of rice porridge is very thick. It looks awful to me.
We should maintain an attitude that is neither too arrogant nor too modest in our response.
The engine of the car is broken down.
Her name is Amy but I don't know her surname.
After pulling two all-nighters, I still haven't finished writing my articles. Coffee is now my only source of energy.
One should note that buying and selling stocks involves risk.
If you want to learn how to make models, you can join this hobby club and meet many fellows there.
Most people honeymoon in Europe.
Don't try to gain sympathy from us. You really did something wrong this time.
Different kinds of food need different preservation methods.
Many of the survivors of the earthquake are still suffering inside.
She is a faithful Catholic. Every Sunday she goes to the Holy Day Mass.
The government will hold a press conference to report the latest development of the pandemic.
The wounded in the accident were carried by the ambulance.
This local band is not weak at all; it is comparable to those few from foreign areas.
Heat is generated when two things are rubbed against each other.
Since he became rich, he refused to recognize his family and looked down upon the poor relatives like us.
The price of this project is very low, you don't need to work on it so seriously.
That kid may be young, but he surely has a sharp tongue - even the guests stuttered at his questions.
Is there any ball in store now?
He offended other users and now his inbox gets blown up by them every day.
Our recent achievements have illustrated that our school is definitely not worse than others.
Continuous internal disorder makes citizens there suffer.
I don't give a damn about her, even if she is a girl.
If teenagers don't offer seats for the elderly, others will take photos of it and post on the Internet.
Buy something for me on your way back tonight.
Oh, I forgot to pay at the parking meter. Hope I won't get any penalty ticket.
This guy is so crafty. He cheated in the card game.
This brand of chocolate is very famous.
The son is grown now, and he is nearly a carbon copy of his dad at the same age.
My mother is a civil servant; she will receive monthly pension after retirement.
What a shitty phone - it broke down after being used a few times.
I feel sad as I was the second last in the contest.
25th December is Christmas.
A number of football players were accused of raping a female fan by turns.
She did not appear until the last moment.
Sew the ribbon firmly, or else it will untie easily.
I'd rather be unemployed than to take that job!
We gather with our families and friends to celebrate the Chinese New Year when we are overseas.
All of the triad leader's recent recruits are secondary school students.
Would a baby's fontanelle be easily hurt?
Young people can easily get a feeling of being lost and go astray.
He was escorted by his bodyguards from the airport to the hotel.
[ChatGPT]When a politician says he has reconciled with his archenemy, it must be a show.
Patient's condition suddenly got worse.
This dress is so nice and it suits you.
He is now broke after losing money in the stock market and is heavily in debt.
Ten million dollars is just a small sum of money to him.
The word 'courageous' has a positive connotation.
To our surprise, he disclosed his embarrassing childhood affairs in front of the staff of the whole company.
The swimming pool is so cold.
Grandpa goes to the park every day to practise Tai Chi movements there.
The first step of garnishing: Put your food at the centre of a big plate.
The wall is very thin so it is not sound-proof.
Have those helicopter parents ever thought about their children's feelings?
The general escort forage to barracks.
Our car ran the light and was stopped by the police.
The thief tripped repeatedly while he was chasing by a dog.
You should have all your valuables with you when travelling.
The Ta Chiu Festival in Shek O is decennial.
Please show your kindness towards the elderly.
This girl loves to act cute in front of her boyfriend.
Solar panels can absorb light and convert it to electricity.
[ChatGPT]It's scary to talk about the hard work and setbacks, but it doesn't matter!
This father actually hit his son in public.
Let me bring some nice BBQ pork as an extra dish for you guys!
After she broke up with her boyfriend, she started to have anorexia nervosa.
Hey, you insist to find an excuse for yourself, don't you.
He's very stuffy and never listens to others' opinions.
This movie is not very popular, and won't be on air for a long time.
Here has a traitor!
The age of that museum is over sixty!
During the few days I was in Japan, I gave a cursory glance at the scenery but didn't notice anything special.
Let's ask Ah Man to come for dinner on Saturday.
It's early morning, why are you making these loud noises?
What is the structure of this robot?
You scared the hell outta me with that sudden scream.
The Earth's atmosphere is mainly composed of nitrogen, oxygen, argon, and carbon dioxide; it is divided into troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, thermosphere, and exosphere.
You as children should not meddle in parents' affairs.
Those street children collect rackets from other children just like triad gangsters.
This old man goes to the park to do exercise every morning.
We have to get to the root of the problem.
I make lots of concessions in order to meet her requirements.
Thefts occur in the campus one after another.
When you are unhappy, you can talk with your friends.
There are three problems for us to discuss.
Too many young ones are living by their paycheck nowadays. In our time there was no such thing as financial recklessness.
If we witness such situations, we usually call the police right away.
Everyone is equal before the law. Even though you are a prince, you still have to be punished for disobeying the law.
Do you have bonus pay this year?
My boss lost money from gambling in Macau yesterday, and today at work, I got scolded a good deal by him for no reason.
When she smiles, all her wrinkles appear.
The goats are eating grass on the mountain.
What the hell! Here are lots of "gold" on the floor!
The three of us have been playing together since we were children right up to adulthood. So how about his personality, well we all know it without saying.
It come closer to me, I didn't touch the cat!
I idled the morning away, not having done a single thing.
After a year of hard work, our effort was finally paid off!
This is one and the only one copy left of this stamp; it's really worth a lot of money.
They are very different; I never thought they were so well acquainted.
She gave birth to a baby recently, so she's in a really good mood.
After a victory that comes at a great cost, the whole country needs reconstruction.
You need to be aware of your mouth shape during pronunciation.
Life is short, so travel abroad when the opportunity arises.
The elderly sit around and do nothing, yet they excel in criticising the younger generation.
Siu san, let's play cooking games!
I have lots of gas and burping after drinking soft drinks.
He's extremely adept, he gets full marks in every exam.
My aunt always argues with my uncle.
I really don't think she will like you.
I have known these old chaps for about ten years.
Where will the torch be lit in the coming Olympics?
The reporter asks the legislators to rate the Policy Address in the chamber immediately.
It's even better when it rains - I can stay at home and rest.
This football player terminated his contract with one club and would become a free agent again.
Each table for a wedding banquet costs $9000 in our restaurant.
When I was young, White Rabbit Fudge was my favorite candy.
Let's definitely join the competition together!
You've been so good to me, I don't know how to repay your kindness.
It breaks my heart every time to see news stories of people abusing animals.
Nowadays when people see their neighbours they just walk and pass by.
Where did you put the paper box?
Are there any mums-to-be who want to form a group and learn yoga together?
According to the average income of each individual, 20% of the total population in Hong Kong live under the poverty line.
I planned to pull a sickie for a job interview, but the plan was ruined just because I was seen by a colleague on public transport.
You're working a job, don't be so careless!
How did you get yourself into such a mess?
She never misses a chance to seek advice from senior actors when she is getting ready to act.
You are the one who plotted the murder of Mr. Chan!
Do you have any stamps from the supermarket? I want to redeem my stamps for an oven.
There are different divisions of Buddhism, which can be mainly divided into Mahayana Buddhism and Theravada Buddhism.
Uncle, my little tummy is not feeling well. (children's talk)
You are always like this! I hate you!
The more he speaks, the more he is digressing from the subject of his speech.
I know him, but I am not well acquainted with him.
He always boasts about himself, but in fact he knows nothing.
That's the rat who sold us out!
In order to earn an honorarium, I made every endeavour to write for contribution.
Someone jumped the queue in front of me when I was at the bank just now.
A boss can't just boss people around, and should inspire a sense of respect as well.
There is nothing you can do if he doesn't admit it.
Do you like traditional mooncakes or snowy mooncakes more?
The exam finally ends and it's time for me to pig out.
I put hours of effort into the soup. Don't waste it.
eat a little, it's a joy
Nothing, just a bit sleepy.
Ken always makes his girlfriend take a morning-after pill after they do it. I mean, why not just wear a condom to begin with?
You should leave home, or you will be late.
Pregnant women get nausea or vomiting occasionally. Pickled fruits help stimulate their appetite.
When I was at college I used to drink a lot of beer every night.
The weather in Hong Kong is so freaking hot!
People who know Kung Fu should offer their help against injustice.
We have been dating for almost 20 years. When is he going to purpose?
Their breakup was out of the blue, let me pry into that and find out what happened.
There's a knack to using this plunger.
That person has scars all over his face. It makes him look as if he has been through a lot.
Yuen even still met Sam, looking as if he did not bear any more grudge, but in fact only in order to observe the results.
The doctor has issued a sick-leave certificate for you.
Mrs. Lam has been troubled by her divorce recently.
Fuck your mother, you cocky asshole. Are you looking for a fight?
I got up late at eight-thirty. Luckily, I rushed to my workplace just in time.
The situation between the two of them is a powder keg.
You always pick up the bill. Be thrifty!
His report cannot give a full picture of the problem.
A victim died and 16 were injured because of the collapse of scaffolding yesterday.
I might be loud but I'm not rude.
Have you paid the tuition fee of this month yet?
I'm not homophobic, but...
Remember that telling lies is wrong.
Have children while young! If you wait until you save up enough money in your forties, you won't have the energy to look after the kid.
You bastard, today I'm fighting you 'til the bitter end.
The DNA test result proves that they are father and son.
I am using an electronic weighing scale with mobile app.
You're copying other's homework! I'm going to report you to the teacher!
Is it easy to sneak in your hall to spend a night?
He broke the rules several times and finally was sent off the field.
This church is located on where the cinema was.
His comment may offend many people.
I was born in Beijing but raised in Hong Kong.
The police raised the red banner to warn the protestors to stop charging.
Put the wok on the stove to free up some space.
Dimsum is usually on sale in morning session.
Attention to detail and excellent analytical skills are prerequisites of being an outstanding barrister.
I even can't understand the question.
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
They arrived at the Hong Kong International Airport at nine o'clock this morning.
I thought I could get away with the system failure, but the problem was exposed by the department next door.
This bar charges at least 50 dollars for a drink.
This fengshui master often gives very accurate predictions!
Two winners share the latest Mark Six jackpot, each winning more than HK$84 million.
What I mean to say is, I don't really like sitting with him.
He brings a reusable bag with him whenever he does the grocery.
The wallpapers in my home have a lot of small cracks on the sides.
Mr Yip inherits his father's business and maintains good management. Like father like son!
Being natural does not necessarily mean it is good, am I not right?
10 divided by 5 equals 2. 2 is the quotient.
Hey, with your skimpy dress showing lots of cleavage, aren't you just asking for it?
The wound is nearly recovered, it seldom hurts.
He is being too shy, that makes him hard to pick up any girl.
This knife is very sharp, even just touching it will give you a cut.
Our boss employs us with high salaries to serve the company.
In Japan, you should take off your shoes when entering a house, so as to follow the custom.
He is fixated on the money you inherited.
Eventually something will go wrong if this goes on.
[ChatGPT]Couples holding hands on the street, with sweet words from the man and affectionate looks from the woman.
I will come along with the fishing trip.
That singer retired ten years ago, but at the end succumbed to the temptation of earning extra for her child and resumed to the stage.
Being overweight can easily lead to diabetes.
His first choice in Central Allocation program is a government-owned school.
How can I make no progress on the proposal when my boss is being confident with me?
This plant is poisonous, don't touch it!
You can gently plug the CPU into the socket.
We decided to have dinner next Sunday at 8pm.
The boat rocked quite vigorously today.
I was stopped by the police when I was out.
Seeing how pitiful you are, I will generously tell you something.
The breach is more serious when you have good knowledge of the law.
I had a miscarriage before I gave birth to my son.
Cheung Siu Fai isn't ugly. He's just missing something that makes him look cool.
Mum goes, "No ice cream until you have finished your homework." Son goes, "No way! I will only start working after eating the ice cream!"
Insert an image between these two paragraphs.
Hong Kong movie industry is totally messed up by you.
The Japanese spirits are very famous.
This drug is good. After taking it I feel much better now.
This candidate lacks a bit of experience.
His younger sister often asks him to give her pocket money.
This job may cause a lot pressure, but one will learn a lot from that, and the salary is really good, it is worthwhile to do it.
Here will have you, me and also Ah Ming tomorrow.
To rent a house you usually pay the equivalent of rent of two months as a deposit.
It is our pleasure to have several Justices of Peace as our guests of honour.
All the candidates in the pageant look slim.
You can see germs that you can't see with the naked eye under a microscope.
Please follow the instructions below to manage your settings on your own.
The soprano screwed up the very first note.
People often believe that lymph nodes massaging results in weight-loss, however, it is just reducing the amount of water in massaging parts.
The housewife next door is so hot!
The boy wants to get married soon, but the girl doesn't want that.
The chief executive held a retreat with the governing team.
It's so romantic to watch the sunrise with one's girlfriend!
The government encourages taxi drivers to switch to unleaded fuel.
A-Man left late, so he quickly walked to the bus stop.
Just now the real estate developer discovered that the rules had changed.
Without going through an intermediary, one can pocket all the profit and earn much more.
You took ages to wash the vegetables. Do you actually know how to cook?
You always smoke, it's very dry/parched, drink more herbal tea to eliminate internal body heat!
Everyone was against it, but she was determined to go no matter what.
It's useless for you to keep pushing me!
I've told you to speak softly. Now that we've been kicked out, I feel so embarrassed!
He intended to flip mobile phones for a profit, but the prices crashed. He ended up selling his stockpile cheaply, at half the original price.
She was so frightened that she withdrew in the corner.
You eat only vegetables and rice, but not stuff like eggs, meats or legumes. There's not enough protein.
Police officers are required to produce their warrant cards when performing their duties.
We have too many different views, it is difficult for us to work with each other.
I don't want to walk anymore. Let's eat here.
After brewing the tea, the teabag should be taken away after five minutes.
Those with a good sense of humour are more popular.
Today is public holiday, so we don't need to work.
The kid next door had a seizure last night and was hospitalized immediately.
Appropriate sunbathing is good for health.
The government will review the charges to see whether subsidies are being used correctly.
Let us draw lots to determine who will be the goalkeeper.
I thought it would be fun, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
A very generous friend of mine helped us.
My dad is a neuroscientist. He specializes in the studies of electrical signals between neurons.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously passed a resolution to impose sanctions on North Korea.
The radio broadcasts intermittently.
I eat two fried eggs every morning.
I dreamed of cumming inside my dream girl's pussy last night.
Grab a bucket and get some water.
People queue up outside book exhibition venue at night.
Are you on your bad luck period? Either you crashed your car or lost your wallet, unfortunate events keep happening on you.
As a foreigner, she speaks Cantonese quite fluently.
I intended to finish my homework before I go to bed but unexpectedly I fell asleep at 10.
[ChatGPT]It's better to have a son who gets beaten up than to have a wife who is divorced.
The kid upstairs is skipping rope. It's so noisy!
I've booked a facial treatment appointment.
The city's wealthiest person announced his retirement when reaching a great age of 90 finally.
I'm too tired to run anymore. I need rest.
So what, it is so easy, I could have done it as well.
Including the Cantonese, many subgroups of Han Chinese traditionally believe that moths are linked to ghosts of the dead.
Although she is the boss, she is not an arrogant person.
Having worked overtime the whole night, I'm really tired now.
All are only kin to gossip, no one like to seed a file.
He helped that billionaire to do religious rituals, earning several hundreds of millions already, but was still unsatisfied; he was way too greedy that he tried to defraud the whole inheritance of the billionaire.
Today is our friend's birthday, so we are going to have hotpot which is her favorite and celebrate!
There's two more months before the exam, let's just slack off for now.
Sometimes I'd return to my primary school to bring back my childhood memories.
I have to work overtime tonight. I'm not coming home for dinner.
We didn't know he was actually a man who dressed like a woman until he lifted the veil.
He's always been hiding himself lately, we don't know what he's doing.
I'm not in the mood to explain it to you now.
He casually picked up two of them for me, and told me to go home and make congee with those.
After my graduation, I want to stay in Hong Kong to advance my career.
How come the leadership don't put such talents in important posts? They can't be more ignorant.
There has been a promotion since the store just opened. 15% off on everything!
[ChatGPT]You still listen to cassette tapes? How old-fashioned.
He has demanding criteria towards his better half, so he has not got any experience in dating yet even though he is middle-aged.
There is a secret relationship between them.
What he pasted is just a copypasta, you don't need to reply seriously.
He changed the topic, trying his absolute best to conceal the fact that he had not graduated.
A-chung helped someone sell naughty stuff, thinking he'd make some quick money.
What do you like to do usually?
He tried every possible way to please his boss in the hope that he would get a pay rise.
Forget the past and move forward.
The balcony in my house is full of flowers.
He lost a lot of blood. The doctor transfused 4 packs of plasma into him.
Loosen your grip on me and let me go!
Does all of us have to become sociable when we get into university ?
Not many students attend his lectures because they're really boring.
I looked around the shops with friends as soon as it was holiday.
He is perfectly healthy, why would he stop breathing out of a sudden?
The typhoon which has swept across Hong Kong led to several landslides.
The past predecessors did the same way. I just follow them.
The dress is too tight for you to walk.  It would be better if we open some seams on both sides.
Be alert and don't get caught by the custom.
When you look at people around you in detail, you will find that these people are all troubled and complex. We often choose to simplify, but in the process of simplification we cannot find the answer.
I'm the youngest son. He is my elder brother.
Will I get downgraded upon appeal?
I will not need this pen. You can take it.
Whoever wears this uniform is an ally.
He's a newcomer to the company, so he doesn't know the rules.
China is the first to be affected by the market crash.
Are you going to the office today?
It's been a long time for so many of us to gather. It's a precious occasion that we can enjoy drinking and the conversation tonight.
He tried very hard, but still he couldn't win in the end.
This is the best computer I've ever used.
In Hong Kong, you can live a life if you are willing to work. You won't die here.
Both of them argued convincingly for their proposals. In the end, the boss settled the matter by  saying he would try out both.
He is very careless and there must be someone to watch over him.
The police has arrested the suspect related to a rape case.
A: "Are you cold?" B: "A bit."
The price is too high that I can't afford it.
The ancestral hall is filled with ancestral tablets.
This thermal flask use vacuum glass inner chamber, really good at keeping warm.
That bad boy isn't coming home for dinner again! For God's sake!
If you are smart, then stop getting in the way.
I have to go to the bank to make a transfer, I can't have lunch with you today.
When Ming General Japanese Sushi Restaurant was open for business, it was notorious for its bad food, but this actually attracted many customers wanting to give themselves a challenge.
The site works were suspended on the order of the Labour Department due to a fatal work accident.
The artists Boyan and Yik are suspended as they give up on their careers to protect their relationship, now the concerned sales volume of theirs are reaching as low as Waihan's.
I can't eat them all. Can you help me finish some?
You bought it at this expensive price? Don't you know how to make a counter-offer?
She and I have tons of common topics.
An ugly woman still has to meet her father in law; it doesn't really make a difference no matter you take the exam first or last.
License holders should exhibit their licenses.
Why didn't you button up your shirt?
I won't just let this issue go. You'd better watch out!
Today is a big day, maybe I can break my vow somehow and drink two cups?
She hopes that she will have great success in her career.
You're dumb! Why didn't you ask for deposit before ordering the goods for the customer?
A-chung got all dispirited after being rejected by a girl? He's so weak-willed!
Anyway, I must do my best.
He treats you so bad, why don't you break off with him?
Those born between 1955 and 1956 should renew their ID card within this month.
The property prices are too ridiculous. We still can't afford flats after decades!
A large number of civilians were hit by stray bullets.
As a 'Kong girl', she certainly is the best of her kind.
It's hard to find a parking space during the day in the city.
When you should leave the world, how would you like to distribute your wealth?
The intention of the company was to attract more people to participate.
I can occupy her room from now till the end of this summer holiday.
He hopes to take the gold of this tournament
Although Grandpa is old, he is not old and stupid, don't try to cheat him!
Don't try to stop me, I must go.
All of the above-mentioned films won Oscars for best actor.
The rumours are not reliable.
No final conclusion has been reached on this matter.
The situation in Thailand is now turbulent. Don't go sightseeing right now.
These two students have their own merits: one is incredibly studious and the other is a genius.
I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate all the winners.
Every course has its own course code.
0C is 32F.
You got drunk again, how can you get back to work tomorrow?
He was so remarkable in the old days. Excelled at studies. Great at sports. He even won a gold medal in the Asian games.
I was in so much pain that I wanted to call an ambulance.
He has been continuously postponing the deadline of the assignment.
He went into your room secretly.
The composer wanted the song to have a majestic ending.
He often eats butter and condense milk on toast in teatime.
He rushed to the washroom the instant he got back home.
I'm now at level 63, gonna be at level 64 soon.
The LegCo passed the motion to summon the Secretary.
The dog outshone the male and female leads on this show. It really stole the spotlight.
The royal government is heavily guarded. You will be heard if you cough, even just once.
It's not until the second season when I knew what the protagonist was up to. I'm such an idiot.
Annual Report 2020-2021
One should be punished when he broke the law.
He is not the only one who wants to leave.
When the company was on the brink of closing down, he went all in and developed a new product.
You'll hear a beep when you tap an Octopus card on the card reader.
I wanted to start keeping my diary, so I bought a diary from the bookstore.
That guy brought the ball to the penalty area but did not shoot. Is he stupid?
This book has given me many new ideas / perspectives.
The president has captured the hearts of the people.
The cry of that cat is miserable.
Within the first 3 minutes of the match, he scored the first goal that day; then in the 15th and 31st minutes he scored two more, playing a hat-trick.
He drives a Porsche? Man! He's not to be taken lightly.
You greedy eater, nothing can cheer you up like eating do.
Beware of him, he knows how to fight well.
I couldn't tell that he was a scumbag.
The post has been deleted. It's no use posting a dead link.
I listen to her songs too, you've got taste!
His dog went missing, so he's been putting up lost dog posters everywhere.
Boss is coming. Hurry up and get your work done.
How can you be so indecisive ? Just make up your mind, Okay ?
He doesn't want to continue his studies. He wants to become a car mechanic trainee.
I bought two books in the book fair this year.
Friendship is priceless, you should treasure it.
He made a big sneeze suddenly and made everyone nearly fall off their chairs.
Some commentators may evaluate the film too highly.
He likes a shining star when he is performing on the stage.
The groom was made fun of by the bridesmaids so badly.
The school has decided to lock the rooftop due to safety concerns.
Read the terms carefully before signing it.
Even with real estate prices being where they are now, some folks are still saying anybody who can't afford property is lazy. Talk about out of touch!
Frequently exercising is a practical way to relieve stress.
After his break-up, he decided to become a monk.
That councilor is best at beating around the bush and avoiding the important questions.
This place isn't fun at all, let's go.
Taxis cannot pick up passengers where there is a double yellow line.
If the house is tidier, we can live more comfortably!
If you win the lottery it will be a lot of money. Give it a try.
The overuse of smileys in your email make it too casual.
This water purifier can filter out impurities in water.
He brought the basketball to the restricted area already. Why doesn't he shoot the ball?
Swordsman fiction written by Jin Yong is very famous.
With the cooperation and contribution of the colleagues, the company has made such an achievement.
He's been working for this company for so long; you should appreciate his hard work. How can you just fire him like that?
It's really expensive to place an advertisement on the television!
I played games the whole night. For the exam, I'm planning to just rely on my innate talent.
This noodle restaurant was set right beside the garbage station, it is hard to have customers.
The stock market is going south and falling sharply.
Can you help keep the key for me?
Migratory birds spread bird flu around the world.
I tripped on the stairs and nearly fell over.
Taking something away without permission is treated as theft.
These inferior goods aren't worth much money.
He will meet up his friends for the countdown this new year's eve.
Stepped on dog poo again. This is such a horrible day!
Get lost minion. It's none of your business.
What are you plotting this time? Do you want to kill us all?
I have learned quite a lot from this mistake. That can be chalked up as a gain of some sort.
He is so ridiculous that no one even bothers to explain what is happening to him.
He planned to immigrate to Canada, so he sold all his shares.
If I knew that we need to wait for the whole morning before the competition starts, I would not have gone there!
He said something that made me feel bad at heart. I feel really comfortable after listening to what he said.
The government is proposing an allowance on water charges.
The educational TV programmes in the past have educational significance.
We've bought a new TV lately.
That jerk is just bluffing. Grill him further and he will spit out the truth.
There aren't many Japanese teachers around. It's like everyone knows each other.
Tai O is probably a nice place to live after retirement.
One's performance would be disastrous if he skipped his vocal warm-up.
You laugh too easily! There must be no limits!
He fell down the stairs like a big winter melon.
Hey, don't trick him. The bill is due tomorrow, not today.
Kids are full of energy, running everywhere every day.
As a gangster, I've expected to repay my "karmic debt".
You don't have to study, didn't you say that huh? Now you have failed the exam!
There are different marine organisms in the sea.
The wife of Chairman Xi coated too much face powder and had an embarrassing makeup mishap.
He is responsible for all the external work.
Excuse me, but we do not allow smoking at this restaurant.
Many people travel to Jerusalem to pilgrimage every year.
It's cloudy. Take the umbrella with you.
He did not wear face masks, causing his neighbours to undergo compulsory testing.
He resigned just a few days after onboarding, is this company dodgy?
The kid is guarded by Social Welfare Department because his parents are missing.
This is a highly confidential research project.
Please tell me your thoughts after watching this movie.
He has been hypnotised and revealed his secrets unconsciously.
Not really so. You've taken the wrong vehicle.
I'll stop chatting with you all. Let me focus on finishing my article instead.
Nothing is perfect; even our own fingers are not equally long.
It was long over, but I'm still down.
She do everything very diligently.
If those who quit drugs can't make up their mind to restrain themselves, they may repeat their mistake.
It's me who matched these two up.
This horse is getting fit recently, it won't disappoint you to set it as banker.
I heard pu-erh tea could stop diarrhoea.
All your clothes and accessories are in red. You look like a red pocket now!
Just leave these strenuous work to the men.
How would that guy's grades be better than mine? Ugh!
The subordinates are too obsequious to give their opinion.
Everyone thinks that they are a perfect match.
I saw a very interesting post on social media.
The restaurant has a nice vibe.
A car incident occurred when we were having a phone conversation.
I am very lucky these days, as everything goes on smoothly.
There are five people in my family. In addition to that, we've got two dogs.
Although they couldn't separate from the country that was compressing on them by now, a sense of independence has risen from the process of confrontation and is becoming mature gradually.
We're like a family. Please don't stand on ceremony.
He was a smart kid, often sweet-talking others for sweets.
They have money and power. It's easy for them to wreck you.
This young talent received ippon within two minutes, winning the championship last time.
I'm not so sure how this camera works, can you teach me?
They attempted to crawl out of the bus after the accident.
Sit straight! Or else it may harm your spine!
You're eating at "old Mac" every day, isn't that a bit boring?
We then need to meet their requirement.
Pigsties stink... I can smell it even though I am far away from them!
Don't talk carelessly, be careful that someone may rat on you!
A-ming is meditating at the Buddhist temple.
He and his rich family live in a western-style family and keeps an exotic dog.
Pregnant women get nausea or vomiting occasionally. Pickled fruits help stimulate their appetite.
The grassroot class is affected the most when the economy is bad.
To make this drink, you take lemon juice and orange juice and blend them together.
Every morning after saying goodbye, my mum gazes at my school bus until it has left before she goes back home.
I earnestly request management to enact reformation post haste.
Do not mention referendum in China.
Cafeteria Old Beach, 18 Milestone, Castle Peak Road
She confessed to the priest sincerely and wished that Lord would forgive her.
All passengers must wear seat belts.
Some newspapers are merely mouthpieces of the government.
The pudding is soft like a paste even after freezing. It seems that we fail to make it.
The tiramisu is rectangular in shape!
How come can you just leave? Born and raised in Hong Kong, don't you have any affection with this place?
This whole Korean pop-culture thing is just a fad. People will forget it soon.
She is on her period. Don't provoke her.
"Cageman" is a famous film in Hong Kong on a topic about cage homes.
We didn't do anything wrong. Certainly we should fight for what's right.
A-chung is learning to shoot but he can't aim. As a result his bullet hit a rock and bounced back. Now he's in the hospital.
Cleaning toilets is a kind of detestable work.
You don't look good. Are you sick?
[ChatGPT]The two brothers argue all the time and have no sense of courtesy.
He's so bad at making predictions. You'll always succeed if you go the opposite way as him.
You can save many money living with your family while the cost of living alone is very high.
The rice balls here are very chewy.
This is a very ordinary work, nothing special.
If we arrive there earlier, we can avoid lots of trouble.
Grandmother had a peaceful look on her face when she passed away.
If the boss is suspicious and jealous of the subordinates, it would be harmful to the co-operation.
I want to break the one-thousand dollar note.
Normal people usually have a compassionate heart.
He is good at writing compositions, but in fact he acquires his skills gradually.
The system was all destroyed because of you.
My grandfather has a lot of fields in his home village.
He is a mute but he isn't deaf.
He is so skilful in singing and dancing.
We should prepare clothes with cold resistance.
Security guards here follow the rules strictly, you can't simply point to your nose.
Since she still smoked and drank alcohol during pregnancy, her son was born with a deformity.
Changes in life are inevitable.
At the entrance of the park, there is an archway gate in memory of the deceased Chinese in war.
This diagram is not drawn clearly enough.
With my family moving house and my taking an exam, it's made a complete mess out of me.
If your body does not get enough iron, you may get anemia.
This Korean singer was already very popular when he first appeared on Hong Kong television.
The government remains silent to this day regarding the massacre that happened years ago.
I don't mind being your secret keeper.
Although he is just beside me, I feel that there is a huge distance between us.
Your message is confusing.
This surgery requires prolong attention, you need to check back at the clinic every week for five years.
Please bring along all required documents for the procedure.
My mum only gives me $50 as pocket money each week.
I'm confident I can do it: genuine gold fears no fire!
The government has a lot of room for improvement in the aspect of education.
Clans in the New Territories consider the spring and autumn ancestral worship ceremony an important clan and village activity.
He started a newspaper with his friend and printing stopped after half a year.
Hong Kong Government provides a great quantity of public housing for low-income citizens to live in.
A-chung took pictures under a girl's skirt. Now he's facing two months in jail.
Let's take a shower in the bathroom after working out.
This robot can recognise the voice of its master.
I have no family members who live here.
This apartment has good sunlight. The balcony is just outside the living room.
All humans die, so do saints.
He has always been a person indifferent to things.
They don't get along well. Why would they want to hang on to the relationship?
John F. Kennedy was assassinated during his presidential term.
Mrs. Chan will give a feast next week, are you going?
Ming failed maths.
She sometimes hears bird calls.
That patient has a minimal chance of recovery, so last night the case doctor gave an DNACPR order after talking to the family, to allow him to pass away peacefully.
I'm no longer young. I don't want to wait endlessly.
Some newly-weds think that great banquets are way too extravagant.
This student has enormous potential.
I'm kind of afraid of height, so I left after having a peep at the crater at a distance.
Tyrannical dictators cannot frighten those brave people.
I suggest we order a set meal, as we have so many persons, any objection? If no then I'll confirm the order.
People who fail the dictation should re-dictation.
Mixing cream soda with fresh milk will give you an extremely tasty beverage!
[ChatGPT]Free your toes and break the societal chains of shoelaces to express yourself.
Granny kept some money under the bed.
You can't do anything, what a useless person!
Let's go to Shenzhen to have massage together in the holiday!
This cobbled road is uneven, be careful!
She's so beautiful because she had a face-lift!
What time do we set off on the hike tomorrow morning?
He looks like a martial artist no matter which way you look at him.
After exercise, remember to supplement electrolytes.
What's happening? Need help?
Grandmother is very old. She needs someone holding her arm to cross the road.
It's rumoured that female ghosts appear in hospitals, schools and railways.
Let the number of apples little Ming bought be N.
They seems so intimate but few people know there are plenty of arguments between them.
Do you have experience visiting that famous restaurant?
She left us a lot of amazing architectural design.
The breakfast provided by the hotel is too simple.
As for the master's righteousness, he's as straight as they come.
She called out my name loudly.
Students normally do not have much experience of society.
Chi suddenly kicked on his classmate's belly.
Walk along the path in the hills and you will get there in an hour.
In Hong Kong, you can taste various kinds of seafood.
It's normal to get a little scared your first time watching a horror film.
The thunderstorm scared my younger sister.
This morning I had to accompany my mother to see a doctor, that's why I was late.
His son never returns from his enlistment.
This little kid is so smart and obedient. He will have a bright future!
I have not had any homemade meals since I studied abroad.
The traffic jam caused a 5-kilometer queue, reaching Princess Margaret Hospital.
He is an indolent person with no ambition, living day to day without thinking about his future.
She has a natural talent for sports, and she never fails to win medals in the annual sports gala.
She held back her tears throughout the entirety of her mom's funeral.
I know him! Wherever Mr Siu goes he is always following around.
Miss Lok sincerely asks Myolie and Kate to come back to the company to help.
You should not go out if a typhoon signal is issued.
If you want to get drunk, just drink a cup or two of whisky, and you'll get drunk easily.
The next performance is piano solo.
Sharp utensils have to be stored carefully and kept out of reach from children.
The students happily discuss the policies set by the former principal.
Please feel free to call me if you have any inquiries.
He shirked all his duties onto you.
The probability of this event happening is very low.
A-ming and A-yan are in contact with each other very frequently.
All citizens shared the same hatred and fought against foreign aggression.
You can't bring wild game with you when you get back to Hong Kong.
The search team finally located his husband's remains yesterday.
He always claims that he has the ability to see ghosts.
After the incident, she was so shocked and therefore waited until the next morning before calling the police.
Try different things while you are young.
I respect the committee's decision.
The OST album of the film is on sale now.
I look exactly like Chilam.
If she discovers that I lied, I would die!
After gaining a profit in the first trial, he soon ignored risks and thus suffered a net loss of tens of thousand dollars.
Playing golf is expensive.
She sold all her assets to repay debts.
[ChatGPT]The pregnant woman's water broke, so she's in labor now. The men should stay away for a while.
I doubt whether you have a delusion disorder, as you always suspect others of having conspiracies.
There is a lot of rubbish under the bed.
Let me confirm the contract with you first.
He is the breadwinner in the whole family.
I hope all of you, my big brothers, can look after me.
We should never draw back even when we are facing failure.
He entered our company only a day earlier than me. How could he be more senior than me?
People spend one-third of their time sleeping. In comparison, the time spent in the toilet is definitely less than that.
He is rich that he always eats exotic delicacies.
Pursuing success should not be confused with seeking fame and wealth.
Lam-lam orders the regular meal set every time she goes to cha chaan teng.
She promised to pay back but now can't been found anywhere.
Interrogating is part of a police officer's job.
He has never ever considered my views. That's really so unreasonable!
A total of 100 candidates are fighting for 20 directly elected seats.
As he did not manage to pay the bail, he had to spend a whole night in the detention cell.
He said that he would buy an apartment in three years, but he doesn't even have 30 thousand dollars in the bank right now.
No matter what arguments you have, first go and explain them at the police station.
The president invited him to enter his private study room for an informal chat.
He is just a spent force. No one will vote for him anymore!
They were fooling around in the office before they were found out.
Stop rambling and get to the point already!
"What is this thing?" "This is a mobile phone."
Alright students, let's start our lesson.
The baby keeps crying without stopping. I really have no method to deal with him.
"When will the next show begin?" "I don't know. It may begin at about two, depending on whether the previous one runs over time or not."
What a big trouble ! Someone copied our products and those counterfeit products are also available on the internet.
The shelf is poorly made. It collapsed after I put a few things on it.
This batch of new shoes is released with a number of distinct styles.
Just now, at the moment the department store opened, a gang of housewives flooded in there to grab discounted goods.
Let me bring this book along to avoid being bored.
I hope you won't end up with eggs on your face.
My phone is running low on battery. I hope it can last an hour or two.
I'm being reasonable with you, why are you responding with such an attitude?
Stop tsking!
Rumour said that she had sex with her boss.
I've finally made a successful phone call after ten attempts. Where are you now?
I want to confess my love to you with a song.
He always leaves things around, scattered here and there.
These two paintings, if placed side to side as a corner, will show a special pattern. Very interesting!
This car runs with an automatic transmission. It's very easy to drive.
He has some amazing footwork and breakthrough the encirclement of three guards.
All the goods are down to 80% discount.
Your centre of mass is inclined to the right.
You are too idealistic when it comes to marriage.
This antique clock is worth a lot.
He was so moved by the movie that I saw tears welling up in his eyes, only to be forcefully held back by his dignity.
When his friend got into trouble, he immediately kept his distance.
Such a cute teddy bear. Where did you buy it?
The EU has imposed a wide variety of sanctions on Russia.
You haven't even officially become a part of our family, and you're already so arrogant. How are you ever going to get along with my mum?
A small gift for you. Hope you like it.
The remote cause of Xinhai revolution is a shared sense of insecurity among the public.
That gecko gleefully dashing across the ceiling annoys me.
There were 8 large fishing ports in HK.
Wow! He's touching her like that, is he gaining advantage of her or what?
He has outstanding talents and good looks that many girls like.
Their dog keeps watching them in interest when they are having dinner.
The school won't start admitting students until May.
Ah, I finally see what you're saying.
I went out by boat last week to see the Chinese White dolphins. It was windy, the water was rough and I was seasick. Some dolphins appeared, but I was busy with my vomiting and didn't manage to see them.
Come on, we're grown men. Let's cut the crap, stop going round in circles and just talk.
I know it's painful, but please endure. We are about to arrive at the hospital.
I have waxed my car and it looks glossy now.
When you called me yesterday, I was at the door eavesdropping on their conversation.
It is unavoidable that there are times you feel puzzled in your life.
Bring children to playground to play.
The new concert hall can seat as many as 1500 people, so people scattered around the hall.
If by any chance he doesn't come, what can we do?
Just drink is fine, as I have already eaten.
That book isn't important. If you've lost it, just forget about it.
Things are lying everywhere here. Watch out your step when you come out.
This TV station focuses on reality shows.
She often scolds others ferociously, no one would hardly like her.
I go to Chinese restaurant every morning with my granduncle.
Congratulations! You've made it through!
I skinned my knee when I was playing football.
He applied for early retirement due to family reasons.
They say the computer graphics of the Mainland version of "Journey to the West" are taken up by the crew from "Lord of the Rings", but why is it so hideous?
Let's go swimming tomorrow, what do you think?
He is a key member of the party.
He suddenly changes his attitude completely, could he be sick?
I would like to ask for another chance from you.
This insect is covered with slime, disgusting!
Your children have all started to work, you are carefree now.
This pink blouse goes best with jeans.
[ChatGPT]It's because I don't want to say goodbye that I can't bring myself to do it.
There is only power but no justice!
Once he became rich, he pretended not to know his friends who had helped him. How disappointing!
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
She's rarely late. Let's call her up.
I realise that I don't really like this major.
The quality of this radio is very poor. It broke three days after I bought it.
Don't be so small-minded. Be more broad-minded, can you?
Come on already, you monkey! I've been waiting for you the whole night.
I bought a lot of stocks because I have had first-hand news that the central bank would lift the interest rate.
A-chung learnt much but couldn't apply what he's learned. He went on to start his own company after reading some economics theory and ended up bankrupt.
Bleeding and dying are two different matters.
Don't worry, just take things as they come, we will find a solution later.
Even though they tortured the convict, he still wouldn't turn the boss in.
The floor is slippery. Walk slowly and beware of slipping.
Why is she so angry?
Jasmine is the female representative in the insurance industry.
He studied architecture at university. He's just finished his master degree, and he's already making a monthly income of $40k.
The man attempting to jump to his death has been calmed.
What is the key point of this passage?
His legs felt like jelly when he saw the cockroach.
The kapok trees in Hong Kong blossom as soon as March comes.
Don't go sleeping around just because you got dumped.
We have come to the conclusion in the meeting. Let's call it a day.
He hadn't even finished primary school and is completely illiterate.
Do you want to buy a new car again? Your wife may not necessarily agree.
I get this award merely by chance! You sing much better than I do!
Don't shop here  it's a rip-off.
The beautiful thing about that music is that it draws your heart; you don't realize it, but you're tearing because of the sadness you hear.
You don't have to be scared to ask girls on a date.
Rice cooked with an earthen pot tastes especially good.
In order to combat speeding, the government should impose harsher punishment.
Application for immigration takes longer to process and approve.
There are a multitude of theories concerning the origin of life.
Presidents from all over the world call to congratulate the birth of the royal baby.
My mom is old-fashioned. She won't permit our cohabitation.
I thought my cat would like the new cat tree, turned out she liked the cardboard more.
Every church has a cross.
There are more and more cosmetic shops in Mong Kok.
Yue Fei's story is really heroic and moving.
It is a doctor's duty to show loving care for their patients.
A flash marriage may not end quickly. At least my friend still has a happy marriage.
This is not such a simple matter, there should be something inside.
The love of family is important in one's life.
Famous author Ba Jin passed away at the age of 101 in 2005.
Up to now, this school has a 80 year of history.
The voice of him giving a lecture is so hypnotising.
This player is our ace. We'll depend on him in this match.
He is really strict with the punctuality of his employees. Just one minute late for work and off you go for a scold.
crying with a lot of tears
John said he wanted to dump his girlfriend because she was not willing to take cumshot in the mouth
She kicked Siu-ming out, forbidding Siu-ming to play with us any more!
The queue is extremely long. Taxis raise their price in response.
People in the company are always plotting and scheming against each other, so you need to be careful!
He collects photos with girls as a hobby; he has a huge collection on his Facebook.
They finally surrendered to the police.
Horse racing is a kind of gambling activity.
The boiling point of water is 100 degrees Celsius.
the exposure triangle: aperture, shutter speed and ISO value
They are now in a shortage of troops, so we can concentrate superior forces to defeat them first.
Some research found that feeding cows seaweed may reduce the production of greenhouse gases.
I'm not eating at home tonight.
How lucky you are to barely pass the examination!
Look at that elephant. It's huge!
I was fired from my firm and am now a hired hand at the docks.
This shirt is so ugly. Even if you gave it to me for free, I would not want it.
What, the designed is changed? The formworks have erected already!
The baby could not be delivered naturally, and a caesarean section was needed.
The HK athletes team has remarkable achievements in the Olympic.
Some actors received acting awards but they are still unpopular, people would only recognize the names of their roles but not their names.
You have to act like an alpha-male, and only then will you attract girls!
We are looking for a Cantonese playgroup.
My dad often brought me to play here when I was a child.
The quick-handed person ended up cutting their own hand, great!
I'm really annoyed today. That worthless brat did not show up for work, and I had to take up his responsibilities for him, although originally I was not responsible for them.
He fell asleep while watching TV.
From Kowloon Tong to Wan Chai via the MTR, you need to interchange twice.
Sigh, why there're so many wage slaves in Asia?
I want scrambled eggs for breakfast today.
Departments should strengthen inter-departmental communication.
It is obvious that to challenge a master like him is fight a hopeless battle.
Settle this stuff quickly for me.
This dish of deep fried pork in sweet and sour sauce is pleasantly sour and just appetising.
I have to go to the study room for revision after school.
The door handle has been gripped by many people. Of course it should be cleaned.
You can participate in this conference only because of your strong personal connection.
Du Fu was a prominent poet of the Tang dynasty.
All morning, I've been feeling achy all over.
Uncle Choi had his hernia on the left side operated, and he is planning to do it for the right side too.
I am staying because of you.
Don't forget to lock the door when you go.
Can you recognize what odour it is?
The jury returned a unanimous verdict of guilty.
A form 3 student having a relationship with a 45-year-old lady? Isn't that a typical case of "boiling-lotus-root"?
We are grateful for all generous benefactors.
Wow, the hill is so tall, we've been walking for such a long time and we still haven't reached the peak. We're all huffing and puffing from all this walking.
The ending of this detective novel is beyond readers' expectations, but it is actually reasonable.
I love you because I truly love you, not because of your money.
His performance is not particularly good, and not particularly bad. It's okay.
The book went out of print many years ago.
This weapon will destroy everything.
Corruption in the Police Force was rampant in the past.
Brother Ming is not a person who breaks promises and betrays others' trust. He must have his reasons.
Why are you still chatting? Get to work!
Ah Ming has applied a leave for attending a funeral. He will not be on duty today.
He talks in a lofty manner, which is very annoying.
Where are you going to with all these stuff?
I feel like you have changed a lot recently.
It is suggested that life of Hong Kong people is not that happy.
You must finish a bowl of e-fu noodles before you can leave this wedding banquet.
Some suggested that code-mixing between Chinese and English would hinder a child's language development.
What beverage do you want? Coffee or tea?
Soldiers bear the responsibility of protecting the country.
I need a Milo to boost my energy levels.
My younger brother is a Hikikomori. I'm worried about him.
Tonight our group of friends are having a night out, but I'm the designated driver so I cannot drink alcohol.
This lotus colour is special.
After getting married she now lives near her parents in order to take care of them more easily.
I always put on a show for Halloween.
All the oranges are sweet, so you don't have to pick.
You are a middle-aged man, dealing with wife and children, why would you quit without finding the next one?
Just now in gym class, that weakling A-chung fainted while running because his blood pressure was too low.
We have to bring the society together as one.
I'm going to be scolded badly by my boss.
This cake is just enough for four people.
Didn't you ruin it? I told you not to fight over it. Now it's broken and can't be played!
A sound system benefits stable governance.
If the architectural design is changed, all other parties need to follow them to change their design.
After big ups and downs yesterday, it's hard to know where the stock market is heading today.
It takes an hour to go to the airport from here.
The USA and Europe cannot come to a consensus on climate change issues.
The epidemic is serious this year that orientation camps cannot be held.
[ChatGPT]When women talk about gossip, he has to butt in and say something. What a busybody.
Nobody can influence his decisions.
Inexplicably, he disappeared.
There were a lot of famous poets such as Li Bai and Du Fu in the Tang dynasty.
The football gambling group is controlled from behind by a triad society.
He places all his hopes on his son.
You are just the god of plague and you never bring any good to me!
My father is a drunkard, when he gets drunk he beats us.
This morning's showers brought more than 25 millimetres of rainfall to the urban areas.
He always reneges on his words, and thus it is hard to believe him.
OMG... She is not Siu-ming's wife?
Here is a hundred for you, so that you don't have to go outside empty handed.
This case has embroiled many people.
We are going to grow less deciduous plants yet more evergreen plants.
You don't look like you want to do this. Just speak your heart out.
A sheep is next to the river. An elephant is next to the sheep. A monkey is next to the elephant. It looks like you.
You should find out the truth instead of repeating others' words blindly.
We are finally back to normal, without having to wear a mask!
The mother tries to get her daughter be admitted into a well-known university by all means.
I want to replace the lightbulb. Do we have a ladder at home?
You can't even beat him? What a loser you are.
You suddenly brought so many friends for dinner, making me get into a fluster.
Key holders are the most unwelcome souvenirs.
I'm here, don't be afraid.
There are some changes to the timetable.
I didn't expect you will be dragged into this mess.
Remember to read the nutrition label before buying food!
Ah Ming is the winner of this competition.
There are things that I really don't know how to put in words.
He is always very careful with what he says.
I must learn English cursive handwriting when I was a primary student.
It turned cool suddenly this morning, the cold has caught me off-guard once I've got up.
It's not a surprise that those who live in a village house would build without authorisation.
The mother told her son off loudly and abusively on the street.
I will treat you wholeheartedly.
My eyes shall be the judge; any objections?
If you don't do your homework, I am going to punish you with the rattan stick.
Your stomach is growling. You must be hungry, right?
People's names often consist of surnames and given names.
I always order barbecue pork pastries whenever I go to a Chinese restaurant.
The girls are very garrulous. They like chatting the most.
Mr. Chan and his child went house hunting today and successfully entered the market.
being active or have a sense of belonging in a group of people
I lost my wallet. I need to report it in the police station.
Regarding this question, I have reservations.
He is so active in class that he will often answer teachers' questions.
Leung Kwok-hung is famous for his long hair.
You must be blind to bump into me.
Do you go to the graduation evening party?
He lives in the house to the right of mine.
Can I have a toast, please?
Mathematics has a high proportion in the marks for determining whether one can major in physics.
There is a very big mosque in Kowloon.
The master tailor has very good cutting skills for suits.
It is my honour to work with such an excellent team.
Classical German philosophy refers to the philosophy of Kant, Hegel and Schelling.
I got up late this morning, so I had to take a taxi to work.
I can seldom watch such high-quality programmes these several years.
There's a bleeding blood vessel on your eye.
Siu-ming seems to have a lot of worries. Is he okay?
There are many kinds of arrhythmia. Ones like mine need medications, while others don't.
Last night I freed our pet turtle in the countryside.
That's nothing. Ah Ming literally vomited so hard from boredom that he had to go to the hospital.
When he was struggling with his proposal, an idea suddenly comes to his mind.
This development project was aborted because of resistance from many parties.
To do it or not to do it, that's a difficult question.
He always hides in the toilet and watches porn there.
That guy is often late.
He thinks that he could not find any jobs because his talents were simply not recognised.
No way to have hotpot without crispy grass carp.
You haven't even taken a cable car before? You are such a country bumpkin.
Since the airline broke your suitcase, the insurance company will compensate for your loss.
The criminal cases you see are just the tip of the iceberg. There are countless others that have not been exposed.
The textbooks are suspected to be censored.
Whoa, that's a difficult question. I have no idea.
I have some backup copies of photos on this hard disk.
It's hard to enter this field without a doctoral degree.
This is our family's issue, do you think there's any place for you outsider to make carping comments ?
This room has very dim lighting.
Those who are able to survive hardships are heroes.
If you don't have sufficient skill and experience, you will get slain by those monster easily.
Their friendship is even better than the relationship of brothers related by birth.
He was doxxed. His full name and phone number has been uploaded online.
Why are you diddling here? Get back to work.
The Beatles is definitely one of the best bands of all time.
He threw a tantrum when he lost his arguments.
The winner of this prize will receive a luxury saloon worth 500k.
My family came from Teochew, and therefore I can speak a bit of Teochew.
You know how serious the situation is and you're still fighting among yourselves?
The University of Hong Kong was established in 1910.
After finishing the graphic design course, she worked in a design company.
Staying home to cook can be fun sometimes!
He's always contradicting himself.
That loud-mouthed man is actually very attentive.
This Korean company has decided to withdraw their investment in China.
After the disabled toilet incident, Coffee seems likely to have a depressing future in her career as a performer.
We should update the database of the antivirus software regularly.
Your cheek is rosy, and you look energetic.
They catch their opponents off guard in a sudden attack. Brilliant!
In 1942, the Allies launched an air attack on Hong Kong.
She is very talkative, you need not worry about dead air.
Some studies have shown that hyperactive children are often excluded by other students at school.
I never tell lies.
Your girlfriend dumped you? More like, your girlfriend freed you!
You have to set a long-term goal for yourself.
My mom said if I fail once more, she'll disown me.
There is keen competition for business between the undersea tunnels.
I couldn't sell any of the inventory I received last month, and now I'm really losing money.
Fairy tales often depict stepmothers as villainous.
He looks westernised on the surface, but deep inside he's a traditional Indian.
Can you stay here and be with me?
I'm confident that we are definitely winning this match.
Her party clashes with my elder sister's wedding, so I won't be able to go.
The Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence and Hong Kong Film Archive are located at Shau Kei Wan.
These things are very commonplace, so you don't need to make such a big fuss about it.
He is such a spineless fence-sitter, getting close to our department once the other one was getting shutdown.
I'd rather spend the money on stocks.
You are so weak for your young age!
All countries' people are entitled to fishing on international waters.
Many names of the characters of "Dream of the Red Chamber" are puns.
Police officers stopped the citizens on the bridge and searched.
Age gap romance is unacceptable for many people.
Guests please stay behind for group photos after the ceremony is completed.
The young shoots have pushed the soil up.
Portugal finished first in their group in this year's World Cup and advanced to the next round.
Now we have to stay in the queue for three hours just for the buy-one-get-one-free ice cream? What a pain!
She invested $1 million in renovating the shop.
My last rotation was in internal medicine. I'm coming to surgery this rotation, and I'm going to orthopaedics in the next rotation.
The patched shirt of Brother SaiLei is so stylish!
What's the point of paying so much effort? It will be just wasted!
After the electric power cut, a sound of scream came out.
Why becoming a labourer after you finish your college education?
My ex wants to start over with me.
Why don't you often submit homework?
A: "When did it happen?" B: "Just yesterday."
I do want to get married, but I don't have a flat.
He is a cautious and discreet man, as he often checks three times every maths question he has solved.
He self-released an album. Unfortunately, it has a terrible sales figure.
The language that we usually speak is Cantonese.
Do you have your brain today?
We don't mean to disparage anyone.
You are so provocative. It is lucky that you haven't got beaten up yet.
The new boss is truly impressive. She once saved a company from closure.
I wanted to speak with him after the meeting was over, but he was gone in a flash.
If you'd like to keep a pet dog, a sheep dog isn't a bad choice.
He invited an orchestra to accompany for his concert.
With the advent of online media, print media gets less lucrative.
He has stayed at hospital for a whole week, and will finally be discharged today.
Your face turns red. Do you get a fever?
Hakka people perform unicorn dance in festive occasions.
Korean pop stars are crowded around by many bodyguards whenever they leave the airport.
Is it really that odd for a woman to not know how to do make-up?
If you treasure your Gundam figures so much, store them properly. Don't leave them here and there.
We need to follow a proper way to do things in order to succeed.
Various chaos are really intolerable and require permanent control.
I am singing the harmony part, so you may not easily identify my voice!
It's very beautiful, I thought here was a fairyland.
You are way better than us. Why don't we strike a balance? You can make a team with another newbie to play against us three.
You don't need to be that concerned about these trivial matters.
When is the deadline of the paper?
My new car was being scratched by others just after one month of purchase.
It's important that you don't lose the key.
The printer is out of order.
Kei's in big trouble as the stock market drops.
That horse owner hired a really good trainer.
Five years have passed but the release of exam result is still fresh to me.
I think the attitude of studying is more important than the school you are in. Not every student from prestigious schools gets good results.
She burst into tears and asked me to help her husband.
Please call me in advance before you arrive.
You remember that today is father's birthday. I can still see your love and care towards your dad!
Much of the press, TV and radio were reporting from their wedding ceremony.
You need an extra $4 to change the set drink to a cold beverage.
Carrie Lam is well known for her aggressive personality.
As usual, only a few students attended the morning class today.
Nowadays youths are ignorant of the hardships in life? But a senior official is out of touch that she didn't know that toilet paper is not sold in convenience stores.
We are having an outdoor barbecue. Can someone go get two bags of charcoal, please?
He only acted impulsively at whim.
My life is hollow. I am so lonely. I need a girlfriend.
Ming stayed in the hospital for a year because of serious illness, he finally discharged today, thanks goodness!
Do you know who Siu Ming is? The one who is girlish.
He is a magnanimous person, he doesn't haggle over trivial issues with the kids.
It is true that he has done horrible things, but after all he is your father, and he deserves your forgiveness.
Don't run. You have to mind your feet. You've just recovered.
This book is substantial in content and worth reading.
The print doesn't have enough ink to finish printing this page.
When you go hiking in summer, be sure to bring enough water, so that you don't get heatstroke.
The next season of the drama is including the same team of people as original.
Why did you spend so much to buy me a diamond ring?
He is such a quail; he doesn't even make eye contact with people when he speaks.
I had no idea a bowl of steamed rice could be this good smelling and tasting.
I travel so as to experience the natural conditions and social customs of a particular place.
The prime minister has really been opening herself up to criticism with the way she has been backpedaling on her positions recently.
Do you know how to go there? Do you need me to teach you the way?
I prefer a pre-built desktop to a custom-built desktop.
I will allow you to go wherever you want.
First, pour all of the prepared ingredients in.
Let me confirm the contract with you first.
Most of the children hang on to their beds in the morning, and are unwilling to get up to go to school.
I didn't expect him to be that down-to-earth.
A trickle of blood has oozed from the wound.
They come here just because of the bandwagon effect.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is coming. Why don't you buy a grapefruit from the market?
Once he plays in the match, the team has a chance to win.
People think he speaks in a clear and orderly manner, but in fact it is only that he is a great swindler.
You always don't listen to me. Only when I lose my temper do you listen to me.
The can of soda was put in the freezer and it's now all frozen.
The teacher has to visit the parents of his schoolchildren after class today.
This essay studies the tonal patterns in Hong Kong Cantonese loanwords.
Be a good role model for your younger brother!
He's very careful at work and seldom makes mistakes.
I am a faithful person and would like to be in a long-term relationship.
Girls are the hardest things to be understood.
That man looks so lascivious.
A stretch of Lyndhurst Terrace in Central collapsed; policemen surrounded the affected area with traffic cones and barricade tape, causing traffic congestion at some places.
Regardless of your lack of trustworthiness, even you keep your word, I can't trust you.
That man wretchedly pegged the girl. He might be malicious.
The teacher was taking the register when I arrived.
The company announces satisfactory results and its stock goes up somewhat.
He has become the epitome of being good-looking.
I'm so angry after being scolded just now.
My sister said she liked my watch, so she swapped it for my one.
The chi-gong master says that one can cure illnesses by controlling the chi in one's body.
He doesn't eat the cone every time he eats ice cream. What a waste!
To work as professions like lawyer and accountant, one must get a licence and the professional qualification beforehand.
That's absolutely true, I have seen it.
He doesn't know how to do anything. He is such a blockhead.
The climbers scaled the mountain and reached the peak after two hours.
We need one more player for the mahjong game! Find someone!
Red leaves are blowing in the breeze in the late autumn.
When you grow as old as me, you will naturally learn to be open-minded like me.
The athlete who has the most gold medals in the Olympic Games to date is Michael Phelps. He himself has won eighteen gold medals.
He knows nothing but boasting about himself.
The faith of the citizens towards the government is nibbling away at a spate of scandals.
He sold his ancestry house to pay off debts.
This medicine is proved by clinical experiments that it yields notable results.
A-ming expresses his love for A-na via messaging.
The performance was so funny that it makes me want to watch it again!
Yesterday I went hiking, then my feet went sore for the whole night.
Principal, parents and fellow students, good morning.
I am entirely blameless and has a conscience as sound as a bishop's, frivolous slanders mean nothing to me.
I won't allow any more mistakes in this project!
I have some personal matters to deal with, so I have to leave first.
You may think I'm too confined to manners, but in my view I just show my respect.
You should improve your cooking.
He's not only tall but also very slim.
I went for a pregnancy test yesterday, and the doctor said I've been pregnant for two months.
If you have any inquiry, you might ask him. He has many friends from different fields that might help you.
I've spent a lot of money this month. I need to spend less next month.
He employed three lawyers to defend his case in court.
This department store is really well stocked.  It literally has everything one needs in a modern setting.
He's thinking of paying off all his debts in one year.
This time I won't be soft-hearted; I will definitely punish him.
If you want to join the Olympics, you need to struggle very hard beforehand.
You think you are a prophet? You just have hindsight.
He's done dodgy business for years and made a lot of money from it.
You might need to stuff a couple more push up pads in there; wouldn't want to get made fun of for being an "airport chest" now, right?
A man will be laughed at by others if he is too clumsy.
This goalie has been serving South China AA for ten years.
He learns violin from a famous teacher.
A fortune teller can deceive you for ten or eight years, but I'm not gonna scam you.
Damn it! We've been waiting for so long and no one shows up.
You give a sweet smile when you see him. Don't you have a crush on him?
A demerit will be given if you have been late for school for three times.
Persons with mobility imparment may ask our staff for assistance.
Perforation of the eardrum has a high chance of affecting hearing.
Martin is talking nonsense.
Will you still exchange cash from Hong Kong dollar to Renminbi?
Haven't seen you for a long time, what do you bring for me?
I'm going to have a meeting in Guangzhou and pass Hong Kong on the way, so I come to visit you.
After he left the business circles, he decided to change his path to become a basketball player.
If you don't work hard, mum will sell you abroad to work as a slave.
The bank has to verify your signature before letting you get into its vault.
[ChatGPT]Romeo and Juliet are sworn enemies.
As the proverb goes, one differs not from a salted fish if one has no dreams.
A murder took place in this housing estate last night.
It's cold today. Put on more clothes.
Since he got fired, he has worn a gloomy face every day.
I knew you would help me.
Mountain Day on 11th August is a public holiday designated recently in Japan.
Have you managed to meet your new boss yet?
I pay for your food and rent; if you insist on not paying me back, get lost!
You should take the huge rubbish to garbage room by yourself.
Nowadays there are females learning the traditional performing arts of Chinese unicorn dance.
He is too selfish that he doesn't share with others.
I hope there will be exciting encounters in this trip.
Don't run! Or I will shoot!
He is an assiduous employee. It is believed that he will get promoted soon.
You need to do revision on a regular basis.
Hey, it seems like you have a kiss mark on your neck. What did you do last night?
Poon choi is often served during religious rituals, festivals, wedding banquets in walled villages.
Everyone please follow the rules and don't push and shove around.
Her husband with gambling addiction forced her into prostitution in order to repay his debts.
Will, where are you bringing us to eat something delicious tonight?
Granny said, when she got married, her younger brother invited two tablefuls of his friends and took their wedding gifts as a dowry.
After checking the bill, our boss took out a calculator. We all already knew that we had to pay for the meal ourselves.
We can now see the police are backing off.
She loves to collect silverware, the cabinet is full of her collection.
I'm a yaoi fangirl. I like to read BL manga. I want to marry a man who likes Yaoi too.
I forgot my wallet in the restaurant.
Stop making fun of him. He suffered enough.
Government made so many environmental protection instruction just to pretend they care, in fact the garbage still disposed everywhere.
It is better to have a body check once a year.
His father is the principal of this school. He just relies on his father to study here.
It suddenly rains, makes me so unprepared to handle.
I want to get what I want by perfectly justifiable means, not by using dishonourable methods.
The competition is relocated to indoors because of the heavy rain.
The theme of this film is very sensitive.
A-chung is not strong enough. He needs a pulley just to lift a chair.
It is definitely OK to eat popcorn in the cinema, but don't chew it that loud.
I own 5% of this company's shares.
After all, he's only a child. Don't force him to do it.
The space has been occupied for ten years.
Your house is so trendy, putting an antique furnishing here would become a bit inharmonious.
The government are responsible for cremating the unclaimed corpses.
Hong Kong is a city where Chinese and Western cultures are mixed together.
How can I get rid of the blackheads on my nose?
You can start the competition when you hear the sound of the whistle.
I have not been to a bar for a few years already.
As he eats a lot of sweets, he has a decayed tooth at age five.
He bullies me all the time. If I weren't able to hold my temper, I would have already beaten him up.
These lads are young and strong; they should help the elderly more.
How pitiful, you look so thin and unhealthy!
On the other hand, some criticise the film contains few elements of a detective story.
I've been working for three years.
After having lunch, we have to get back to work.
There are fewer passengers than usual today. The minibus is still not full after 5 minutes.
Seemingly under the influence of something otherworldly, I wrote this novel.
We have received your application.
It will be completed once I finished this part.
Your daughter has made a clear mind, let her choose what to study in university.
I was born here.
[ChatGPT]I feel like I don't know you well anymore. The more I see you, the less I understand you.
He is a scruffy-looking fella, the notion of shaving his thriving neck-beard had never crossed his mind.
Are there musical instruments less suitable for left-handed people to learn?
He throws the ball to a wall where it rebounds and hits himself.
It is very timely to have hotpot in such cold weather.
The little things in life are worth remembering.
After finishing school,I still have to go back to work. It is really terrible for me.
There have been huge strides in the medical sciences.
You're so fat and strong that no one dares to fight with you.
They are always suspicious of each other, at last they broke up really quick.
Some animals are more equal than others.
I took the model apart and built it again.
Thanks for your kindness in helping me finish my portion of the meal!
Remember to bring your sleeping bag if you go camping.
The London Underground route map is really complicated.
Some travelling agencies cooperate with some stores to extort the customers.
The earthquake bereaved him of his family.
A bowl of noodles with spam and egg with iced milk tea as the drink, please.
Solving equation is the process of finding the values of the variables.
To compete with those kids, I will win even I play with half effort.
She dresses up very nicely, looking very different from other women who put many cosmetics on their faces.
He performed splendidly in his seven years' term.
You still have time to stop right now.
Ah-ching is very sensitive. Do not make fun of her.
The incumbent President graciously conceded and handed over power.
Once you said that you are going to study overseas, his jealousy all comes out.
Many Hong Kong stars travelled to mainland China to film TV dramas.
to face a series of significant changes on one's own
Miss Chan is my class teacher.
Plenty of homeless people use this park as their home.
One-day pass might sounds more bargainable than the one-way tickets.
The price of this television has dropped.
I forgot to bring umbrella today, and it was pouring so hard that my hair was dripping wet.
Her tall and slender figure is her best asset.
Let me tell you some of my great escapades when I was young.
He lives an undisciplined life after his divorce.
She always dreams of becoming a superstar.
He's really in big trouble now - he owes a few hundred dollars to loan sharks.
You have done too many immoral things. Karma will get to you.
Our company will not be responsible or liable for any of Mr Tse's acts and activities.
There's a parade today, let's get out and join in the fun.
Two kids were chasing each other with a banging noise this morning.
In a short period of time I've eaten all the cakes.
The most attractive part of this celebrity is her beautiful and attractive lips.
Missed the offer? Doomed.
Why does your hair look so lank today? It looked sharper before with the gel.
He always plays dumb when his team members are called to account by the boss.
Last night you had sex with a virgin again?
We now have Liza to sing for us.
Seeing a girl who is not very capable nor intelligent, but carrying a very expensive handbag makes me envy towards her.
I'm a love expert, winning many girls' hearts  when I'm dreaming.
I will study hard this academic year.
Would I have the honour of having dinner with you tonight?
The plane leaves at 8.00 p.m.
Eight songs are included in his CD.
The war is finally over. Everyone is celebrating with ecstatic joy.
The colour temperature of living room light is 3000K.
I saw my ex-girlfriend yesterday. I was so embarrassed that I didn't know what to say.
There are some egg tarts in the pantry.
She attempted to kill the mistress of his husband.
Among all styles breaststroke is the slowest but also the easiest to learn.
She is so confident through her gestures.
It's rather easy to publish a book nowadays.
What he says sounds like a well-written essay! No wonder he is an editor of a literary journal.
He is a social butterfly and his wedding was attended by celebrities of all kind.
A living language is, after all, primarily an oral language; a living language often relies on living people.
We can't escape from passing the torch to the younger generation.
The singer seldom shows up after giving birth.
There's nothing I like better in the winter than to sit around the stove with my family for a hot, hearty meal.
I finished half a chicken and a bowl of rice with roast goose on my own.
He has invested all his money in this stock.
I went to the beach last week and got a tan line.
I was very happy during the time that we were together.
Many still believe in the myth of a great future guaranteed after graduating from the university.
The banana will rot if you still don't eat it.
It feels great to cum inside a schoolgirl!
He was hit over the head with a wooden stick.
You should only take the cloth samples you need; it's so inconsiderate to take every type of them.
This restaurant is a high-class one. You gotta wear a suit before you get in to eat.
I haven't improved my English level since I was in secondary three; I have been just relying on my English that I learnt many years ago.
Don't be so playful! I will not tease you.
If he were really superb, why couldn't he forecast the time of arrival of the typhoon?
In fact, Mr. Lee is not aiming at being a teacher, his dream is to be a headmaster.
Cargoes were shipped to Hong Kong then transferred to Mainland China.
WhatsApp group
From now on you have to behave well.
It's not considerate of you to spit everywhere.
You will get married the day after tomorrow. Are you nervous?
This hairstyle is not for all, it doesn't look good on everyone.
to comprehensively evaluate current education policies
She married that man purely for reasons of fame and vanity!
To mark down what you are going to say, I've prepared the paper and pen. You can start anytime.
FIVB Volleyball Men's Club World Championship
Many laptops nowadays don't come with optical drives.
Did you see this man just then?
Experts say that given more training, there's a good chance that she will become a gifted child.
He has the ability to turn trash into gold.
This guy always mistakes stupidity for hilarity, making bad jokes non-stop.
We'll know how much we earn after I work out the calculation.
to classify problems of a similar nature into one category
It's all because SOMEONE was late!
Prepare some change for the bus fare.
He has been having a weak body since he was little. He always gets ill.
This toy is inappropriate for children three years old or less.
His background was checked up before he came to work in this company.
I put my house on mortgage to help with his debt.
What he said is false. Don't believe in him!
I won't be free until the end of the month.
A-chung was bragging about being a god of cooking, but I knew he's not even close when he almost caused a fire when making a plate of beef chow fun.
Oh, so he pulled an all-nighter? No wonder he looks so dull.
Remember to take the deed of the house to the law firm to complete the formalities.
As long as our counter-attack succeed, we can turn the tide.
This tea is natural and no addition.
There aren't enough university places for everyone, so it's inevitable that some students will not be able to pursue further studies.
As it is the opening of a new shop, a sale has been launched in order to attract customers.
Her blind spots make her hard to understand what the problem is.
My friends and I formed a band. You are always welcome to our show.
Instead of finding work by yourself, you rely on your elderly mother for support. You are so unfilial!
He will be playing the leading role of this film.
I didn't ask how he did in his exam.
His suggestions were impractical so they were not accepted.
Summer vacation is a peak period for Hong Kongers to travel overseas.
I dare not speak again. The more you talk, the more mistakes you make.
Scientists worry that artificial intelligence will replace human someday.
Do you think I will give up that easily?
Every word from his lips irks me, it is really irritating.
That's rather a knotty question.
The government subsidizes this organization to conduct research on environmental protection.
The producer decided to make a sequel for further success.
What grounds do you have for me needing to say sorry? I haven't done anything wrong.
Have been in Australia for years, but still never made friends with any Aborigine.
Let's tidy up the toys now.
After being released from prison, he decided to repent sincerely and mend his ways, joining the society again.
The brothers opened a shop and sell dumplings together.
She is talented at art and always stands first in arts in class.
A rebel force was beguiled into ambush
Ha ha, I'm fine, thanks.
This group photo was taken when they were travelling around the Grand Canyon.
It's illegal to expose one's entire body in public.
This boss requests his employees to finish their tasks on time even when they are sick. It's almost inhumane!
Most of the rocks are weathered, possibly due to the fact that they are at the seashore.
The president is critically ill, and he is now in the intensive care unit.
Let's buy a pack and bring it back home.
The judge said to the witness, "please answer the question."
In this office of purely females, there are no able-bodied men who can replace water bottles.
I got a subject failed that I had to defer my studies.
They set aside this corner, so that children could read in there.
She is the commander of this team.
The waitress in the cha chaan teng asked me whether I maintain/build websites, because she sees me often bring my laptop...
[ChatGPT]HSBC, the big elephant, was hit hard by the financial crisis.
She was born with slitty eyes, and went through plastic surgery to get bigger eyes.
After this experience, I have full confidence in Siu-ming.
Doctor, I have phlegm in my throat but I can't cough it out.
That man died of severe injury at last.
He performed badly in the last match, so he's given an unimportant post in the current one.
This office is soul crushing. In goes an aspiring graduate, out comes a brownnosing wageslave.
Let us relive these popular Cantopop classics tonight.
Can you put in a good word for me?
Spy on the enemies and find out their real strength tonight.
Posts with pictures of good-looking girls will attract lots of upvotes.
You won a lot from this horse race, didn't you?
Alright, the light is green again, crossing the road takes no time.
I will certainly not let you off next time!
This dictionary includes nearly 100 thousand words.
Come and try the drinks I elaborately concocted.
He's stingy that you have to beg him even for 10 dollars.
If you stay here for one more second, I will have someone beat you and make you scarper.
His handwriting is too messy, I can't understand it.
On 1st July every year, thousands of Hong Kong citizens take to the streets to express their demands to the government.
Carbon monoxide decreases the oxygen carrying capacity of blood.
You can see the whole city from the peak.
Is a degree useful? There are so many university graduates out there, if you don't have a degree you will be at a disadvantage.
The host was too kind and contrarily I felt uncomfortable.
western mooncake - sounds like "very boring" in Cantonese
Drinking too much alcohol has no benefit to your health.
The monitor piled up workbooks handed in by students before putting them into the bookshelf.
I have thought of 3 feasible ways of execution regarding this project.
He never makes rough drafts when writing essays.
This is a solid umbrella. It never get damaged by any kind of storm, and I only paid $10 for it.
We need a lot of collaboration work to make the strategy a success.
What a strange thing, today I saw someone wearing the same clothes as me.
How many words can you type per minute?
A-chung has acted all snobbish after getting a few As in the exam.
You said you only had a sip, why you finished half of it?
He gave me a punch on my back.
The machine is out of order. Everything needs to be done manually now.
Despite being an adult, he has no sense of responsibility at all!
When I was young, I loved going to Sino Centre to buy idol foil cards.
Does playing too many shooter video games contribute to a gradual increase in aggression due to continuous exposure to violent elements?
They are neutral countries, of course they won't get involved.
Both of my sons were delivered by Doctor Wong.
A: "It's so boring having all the assignments done." B: "You're there making sarcastic comments. You are going too far."
Being a domestic helper is a good part-time job with a flexible work schedule.
Legislators attacked him relentlessly for his abuse of power.
My passport has expired already. I cannot travel with you.
This computer theft incident is purely accidental.
By speaking rudely in front of the Emperor, he sabotaged his career as a civil servant.
Our value-added services include call forwarding and voice mailbox.
permanent member state of UN Security Council
She sticks to her principles, no matter what others say.
Patient who missed the appointment must show a new doctor's referral letter to make another appointment.
I dare not watch ghost movies alone.
I don't know this topic very well, why don't you ask someone else to help.
Robert Morrison was the first Protestant missionary to China.
Let's forget the old grudges and solve the problem first.
I've been sitting here for hours and I'm worn out. Is anyone coming to take over?
The government will build a desalination plant in Tseung Kwan O.
The director gather the troops to shoot the next episode of this film.
If you put the sign here, more people will notice it and will bring in more customers.
Women would love to receive a diamond ring.
HK$1 is roughly four bahts.
The report is almost finished, just some trivial matters left to fix.
I hope everyone can stay tough when facing ups and downs.
How could such a tiny book be sold at such a high price?
It is really the tragedy left over by history
How many eggs can a chicken lay each year?
When the new model of mobile phone was launched, he bought it immediately.
They all goddamn went away and left me behind.
A flock of seagulls rest on the water surface.
This gathering only allows adults to join.
I go to the gym, will you come?
Mum says if one has a sore throat, taking the water stirred with the pickled kumquats will help.
I was hit by a trolley with its full force.
My homework is so poorly done. I might fail this time.
He is so calm and unhurried, as usual.
There are a few deserted villages along the ancient trail.
You've been raised and influenced by your mom for so many years, but you still don't know what your mom's thinking of.
He has no conscience but ambition. He might be a thorn in our side if we let him stay.
She often cut her wrist to harm herself at teenage.
He spent over ten thousand on an underarm hair removal treatment.
It is tastier to be served with soy sauce.
I thought she was giving me a gift so I thanked her, but it turns out she only wanted me to hold it for her. So embarrassing!
You shouldn't worry too much at work, just do it with guts and speed.
I'm sorry for bothering you for so long. I'm going now.
I've been working overtime these few months; my compensatory leaves have piled up to around 40 days.
A-chung is such a pervert, always ogling girls. How disgusting!
Soy milk is very beneficial to the human body.
You had better use the complex way of writing numbers while writing cheques.
I just finished running, I need some time to catch my breath before I can start running again.
I have lost everything, are you happy now?
The rice is burnt! Turn off the rice cooker right now!
You said it was 3 years only, but then 3 more years, and then 3 more years again! It is going to be the 10th year already, Boss!
Giving money to beggars does not help them.
He always smokes in his room, but finally leaving the whole house smokey and misty.
I'm making it explicit here. If anyone doesn't agree, you may leave.
Had I made a lot of money in Hong Kong, why would I have gone to Canton?
There is no shortcut to learn a language; the key is massive exposure to it.
He acts like a madman, I wonder if he's really mad or not.
The bee visiting the flower must be a worker.
Of all these songs, this song has the most pleasant beginning.
You say I'm a fool? I say you're an idiot.
I have to go to the airport to see my friend off.
He goes all around lifting up girls' skirts. He really needs a beating.
Whatch out! The centipede has poison.
The drink is spiked. That's why she got dizzy after a sip.
Sowing the seeds of calamity will lead to no end of trouble in the future.
The frozen meat should be stored in the freezer.
There is usually a penalty for terminating an agreement.
My phone has a lime green color; it's easy to recognize.
She expects to recoup her original investment within two years.
You should stop being so bull-headed, and start listening to others' advice.
This highway runs through more than ten cities.
My confidence is totally crushed by him.
I never thought that the last photo that I took for him would be used as his funeral photograph.
I cannot distinguish between Filipino and Indonesian by listening to the language..
Chayote originates from Mexico.
He borrowed money from me several times, with a sum total of 7000 dollars.
The Christian Fellowship is affliated with the Students' Union of the University.
If the core cannot be controlled, all the efforts will be of no avail.
Parents should teach their children correct financial management concepts.
I have $100 for meals every day.
Love is really hard to understand.
He doesn't seem to get hurt no matter how we strike; he is definitely familiar with Chinese spirit possession.
I asked my little nephew to be my page boy.
Many people bring joss sticks, candles and fruits to go visit their ancestors' graves at Ching Ming Festival.
He doesn't talk much usually. Today is a rare case that he discuss with us.
Teachers have to mark assignments every day.
Kim Jong-un claimed that he will turn South Korea into a sea of flame.
Lots of herbal medicines sold in the market claim that they are made entirely from natural ingredients.
The stock market has gone up so rapidly of late. Everyone needs to be cautious.
Why don't you buy some food and bring it back?
The girl appears to have a small body size, but in fact she's got big feet.
I want to eat fruits wherever I am pleased, durian for instance.
Don't slander me! Have I ever not repaid my debts?
Let's catch up when I return to Hong Kong.
People were disturbed by the violent scenes.
The nurse has just helped me stitch my wound.
Good morning Principal, teachers and fellow schoolmates.
I'm now in the room signing karaoke with my friends, so it's a bit noisy.
Around 1970s, most boat people in Hong Kong already moved to live on land.
You've been working so hard that you deserved the promotion.
It's Mid-Autumn tonight and many families are having dinner together to celebrate the festival. The Chinese restaurants are thus quite fully booked.
She never leaves her chair. It is as if she is sealed on the chair.
A century is really short in human history.
This year, many people came to perform music in this area, what a magnificent situation.
You should do your work from beginning to end and never give up halfway through.
He bemoans the corrupt state of society.
Why don't we "have some fun" tonight?
I am going shopping with my cousin's daughter today.
People say Professor Liu is a strict grader. I don't really think so, as my grade is not bad.
Others have been telling him that he should take a rest at home, but he insists to play in the match even with illness.
If car drivers could mutually be courteous in manners, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
This train stops at every station, so it will take a longer time.
People say wearing red underpants will bring you good luck.
I searched the house thoroughly but still cannot find him.
It is believed that serial changes will be announced within today.
She is really lucky to see her favourite idol on the street.
After listening to the joke, she laughs her ass off.
His singing is bad because he is tone deaf, so he can only smile to conceal his defect.
We have been working on this big project for a year.
The amount of social enterprises has grown.
Once the most creative film production company in Hollywood, now it's just making formulaic commercial movies with monotonous regularity.
Hong Kong is located at the south of the subtropics, so it rarely hails.
A dolphin was washed ashore by the waves.
His proposal is very carefully written, with meticulous details down to the smallest expenses.
Hey you just keep yawning! Take a rest first.
Hope that his spirit of sacrifice can be eternally remembered.
You have to use this cleansing powder with a wet sponge to form foam before application.
I'll go to the grocery store at the street junction just ahead to buy a can of coke.
In your birth chart you got Money Star on the Post-horse position, this is your fate to  make a living by travelling all over the world.
I can't stop him from gambling.
Your son is one and a half years old. Have you found a nursery school for him?
He looks very young and doesn't look like 40 years old at all.
After resitting the DSEE, he got enough grades and was finally enrolled into the department as he wished.
If you don't consume the oranges soon, they will go bad.
This tentative idea does not fit the actual needs.
It can be said that fog is cloud near the ground.
I haven't used that machine before and I was afraid I might make mistakes, so I got him to supervise me.
The performance on the spot largely counts in a debating competition.
I am suffering from watery stools and cannot be at work today.
He's so indecisive on what to choose.
The new system sorts the emails into groups, which is much easier to read.
How do you think what names are considered as MK-ish?
Well, I scored better than I thought I would.
I am more than happy to help you finish your sweet soup.
Flooding occurs in several districts due to heavy rains.
I go to church every Sunday.
Tell me the day you mark.
I have collected a lot of card games.
There's something suspicious about this fellow. Have somebody tail him and let me know right away if something's up.
Remember to come back home for dinner on Tuesday.
Anthony Perry's song "Earthy Rock" is really kick ass!
He has been held in captivity for five years.
This homework is very difficult. I cannot finish it on my own.
He works as a teacher in an evening school to supplement his family income.
Living a happy life like a fairy.
Judging by his words, we can see that he is no ordinary person.
Ming pull his leg and shoot from over 40 yards away, the ball flied all the way to the corner of the goal, the goalkeeper cannot react to this sudden strike.
I drank some wine and I'm a bit dizzy right now.
The discussion here is of high quality.
I'll be not in Hong Kong for several weeks.
I have excess heat recently, so I don't want to eat fried chicken legs.
Among his many interests, he loves football the most.
This credit card only has $2000 credit limit, which is not very useful.
Dad teaches me principles in life sincerely and earnestly.
It doesn't look like a dog at all. What are you drawing?
As all of you do me the honour to sing, I'll show my immature skill.
But who can predict with hundred-percent certainty that a Third World War will not take place?
These are all the resources we can spare, make do with it.
Those old pricks are always bossing people around, without actually knowing how to do stuff!
Let's leave now. After six o'clock it's gonna be really crowded.
We are short on players for mahjong, get your ass over here.
The Customs and Excise Department seized 500 pirated children storybook.
How long does it take to travel to Zhuhai by boat?
You should be able to fight your demons if your will is strong enough.
This cupboard can be place in the corner space between 2 walls.
The upper deck is dangerous. Children are not allowed to go up by themselves!
The four-legged lizard is crawling towards me!
I have no idea why she thinking like that.
I've eaten so much. I have to loosen my belt.
Just then there was a power cut and I had to grope my way downstairs in the dark.
If she dies, who is going to be the beneficiary?
The Japanese yen has kept depreciating recently. It's time to travel to Japan!
The tour guide leads a flock of tourists to visit Victoria Harbour.
Miss Wong is a friend-like-teacher to me.
I know it's him once he starts talking.
I think not many people know about this secret history.
My phone is dead. Give me your portable charger.
Sit still to wait for me to come back, be good.
Do you know how many stars there are in the Milky Way Galaxy?
Can you throw the newspaper to me?
I want to let people know about the current situation here at the new bazaar.
The police station received a package today. It is suspected to be a bomb.
Fuck! Leave me alone!
Both parties refuse to budge and have been in a deadlock for a long time.
The developer has suggested two plans of redevelopment.
Young man. Let me tell you something.
He takes the initiative to do housework for his mum.
He's such a wasteful person! He parties every night and spends tens of thousands in clubs.
This gold coin was cast in the UK.
As the weather is dry, we should apply cream to moisturise our skin.
Others will insult you only because you don't respect yourself.
The rabbit thinks the tortoise will surely come nowhere close to him, so he takes a nap under a tree.
Don't say I didn't tip you!
The HK Observatory has issued Standby Signal No.1 for the tropical cyclone.
The spread of terrorism cannot be tolerated.
Miniskirts are no longer in fashion.
The store would have goods at very low prices to draw people's attention at the end of the year.
It's really convenient to have a mobile phone, as we can contact each other any time, anywhere.
The sixth form students form the majority of the participants in this competition.
Don't do it. You'll get addicted if you do drugs!
He's always lording it over people up at the housing estate, pushing people around, and even beating old women up.
He often spoke out of tune when his voice was changing.
We'll arrive on time if we take a taxi.
My boyfriend is a considerate person.
This steakhouse provides numerous parts of steak meat and levels of steak doneness for one to choose from, so one can order their steak according to their own liking. It's suitable for any budget to eat at.
He is adored and supported by many.
This is first-class bird's nest.
Thank you for your patronage. Please come again.
The detergent removed completely the stain.
If we make the deal, I'll give you $100.
He dreamed with a smiling face, he must have a pleasant and romantic one.
Today is the last day of Xmas sale, so don't miss it.
One ought to help and guide his/her nephews.
I got sick after getting sneezed at.
Don't keep saying this and that. Do what you're supposed to do!
I will arrive at 3 pm roughly.
You're wearing long pants on such a hot day! Don't you feel hot?
You won't even donate ten dollars? How stingy!
The desk occupies too much space. Why don't we throw it away?
A fair and virtuous maiden is a good match for a gentleman.
You have to drive after awhile, please don't drink.
Just two years after her debut, she has managed to become the leading actress in a film. She made it big fast.
A: "I'm scared to sleep alone." B: "No problem, I'll sleep with you!"
All of our family members have come, where are you?
In the period we fought against the Japanese, we suffered so much that sometimes we did not even have food.
Tai Man Chan's accent gave away his identity.
This matter is not as simple as you thought.
How do you think should it be written?
She is a woman with inner beauty.
The nurse has already wrapped the dead body with a shroud and sent it to the mortuary before the reporters arrived.
He is not only a nice guy, but he's also quite handsome too!
Emergency service teams hold the aim of rescuing people in danger.
The duck fell into the ditch when crossing the road.
I have a toothache. I want to take a day-off to see the dentist.
A train track usually consists of two tracks.
The portion of the service industry in GDP this quarter drops.
He is my business partner. We've been cooperating for several years.
Be cautious of that sinister-looking man!
The shape of this rock is cute.
The Earth is too dangerous, please go back to Mars!
After a dive, divers shower in hot water to maintain body temperature so that muscles don't get tight.
The show tonight is over, may the audience leave the stadium in accordance to their seat number.
ji1 san4 sounds exactly like Eason.
Sense of beauty is subjective so it is is difficult to establish a criterion.
The blue-collars sweat a lot every day.
Let's leave the delivery man a tip.
The roast pork is reserved for the deity. Don't snack on it!
During the anti-corruption campaign, the casino yachts far from the coast of Macau, as a collateral, were shut down.
Only that some people were not willing to do.
Why do you bring this thingy home?
I like all of these designs, I have no idea which one should I choose.
I'm hungry now. Let's go to the cha chaan teng we often visit.
As the only one who was present during the event, you should be very clear on this issue.
My grandma does not dare to eat liver because she is afraid that it would be too high in cholesterol.
I stayed in Hong Kong for a week.
I have finished reading this book. You can take it away.
He is sentenced to jail for 10 years for murder.
A bird stood  on the tip of a branch.
This watch is quite appealing to me.
The teacher suddenly burst into tears in the classroom. All the students didn't know how to respond but only stared into one another's eyes.
Ridiculous things happen in Hong Kong every day. The situation is getting worse, but it has already become a norm.
He is still too young to understand things very quickly. Be patient and try to teach him step by step.
Of course an old person walks clumsily.
Why did you take away my passport?
It's time for me to have a long sleep after days of hard work. Don't disturb me!
In general, women stop having periods when they are aged between 40 and 50 roughly.
My son, 30 years old, has not get married yet.
A glass of iced yin-yeung with no syrup, please.
That guy is always swearing and doesn't look classy at all.
We should cooperate instead of fighting among ourselves in the face of the enemy.
Time for lunch-break? No way. We have lots of work to be done.
Liver is vital to the body's detoxification.
I'm not free because I need to go to the hospital to visit my sick mum.
You should have known how my feelings towards you are.
The ubiquity of surveillance cameras has raised people's concerns about privacy.
So many people are participating in this activity, it must able to enter the Guinness World Records!
The government urged its citizens to make a donation.
My grandpa worked in many fields.
His bad track records are well known throughout the whole industry.
I drive the special shift. So I drive over ten hours every day.
As a teacher, I think of enlightenment as my highest responsibility.
The company has given me a job offer.
If you're afraid of heavy vehicles, the local road is better, but I prefer the highway.
Hey, did you borrow the money?
This movie is repeating the same scene in one way or another, it seems the director is running out of tricks in his bag.
He is hoping that his children will look after him after graduating from university.
He's only thirty something and he's having an affair with a woman twenty years his senior. If not her money, why else would he date her?
I don't have much to do in my job. I seldom need to work overtime.
I thought we were good fellows. I didn't expect that he would cheat me.
We have done what we can do already, so just be tolerant even though the result is bad.
If a couple lives separately and apart, it is possible that one of them will dump another for someone else.
Only close family members are allowed to his funeral.
They are meeting at the beauty salon for a facial.
This piece of jade is perfect in every way. It believe it is worth at least a million dollars.
We will hire a couple more guards.
They will get married sooner or later.
Calm down! Cars will not move faster even if you lose temper!
I don't hone a washing machine at home. All my laundries are taken to the launderette for washing.
The government ordered the recall of two slimming products.
Your performance today was super great.
Scientists are investigating how to make people live longer.
We are in urgent need of more votes, please come and vote for us!
He has been deeply worried since his grandma was hospitalized.
He has a strong body but a simple mind.
I haven't tried hotpots with charcoal cookers.
This is a radio, that is a recorder.
In the USA, if you want to get a gun license, then you must first learn how to control a gun's trigger.
In tonight's awards ceremony, all the actresses show their deep cleavages. If there's an award for the best cleavage, it's really hard to know who would be the winner of the prize!
Times have changed! It's the youngsters' generation now.
Old people should enjoy a happy life with their descendants.
Her husband indulges in his sloppy dream of riches from gambling instead of getting a proper job.
He fell into a dye vat when he was a child; fortunately, it was empty.
Grey bricks are a commonly used material in Lingnan architecture.
The Buddhist monk brings the remains to the next town and continues his Sdhan.
Today, the US Federal Reserve has once again increased interest rates.
"Have you seen boss?" "No, I haven't."
I had a falling out with my family, and have not returned home for nearly a month.
He has been convicted of murder, and is sentenced to life imprisonment.
He looks frivolous and playful. Why would you choose him among all the decent men?
I've turned the painting upside down.
There are five parts in the paper, and each part carries 20 marks.
Your employment will commence in January.
My computer has 2GB of RAM only.
Due to the opposing goalkeeper's tenacity in making flying saves, not even our best striker could score a goal.
I am deadly hungry. Have you cooked yet?
Although my work is tough, my sons are the motivation that keeps me going.
The arms race is one of the causes of the outbreak of WWI.
This person looking at me strangely.
He is well-known to be narrow-minded and disloyal, can turn from friend into enemy any time, you better beware.
Your husband's birth time is not compatible with you and brings bad luck to you. You should be careful.
The competition is commencing on like raging a fire.
Kids who lack attention may not like to sit still in class.
I think my piano skills have plateaued, there's no point in continuing to practice.
The other church members all refuse to associate with you because they say you're dealing with the devil.
Your English is excellent. Go start a course and teach others.
I really miss those good old days.
Many men prefer women to be sweet and girlish.
We are unable to finish up the work on time because of the shortage of manpower.
We aren't satisfied at all, how can we let the bill be passed?
The most sophisticated part of this song is the changing emotions implied in the lyrics.
You have to explain it clearly in order for me to understand.
It's April Fool's Day, and everyone at school is ready for some troublemaking.
An unexpected accident often makes people unable to think of what to do about it.
Remember to hand in the form in red.
It is such bad luck that that 1000 bucks of mine just vanished into thin air while I was out and about.
[ChatGPT]It's really dead here! Let's just close up shop for the day!
Ill health forced her into early retirement.
Our boss is in a great mood today and bought us a box of egg tarts.
He invited everybody but you, it's obvious that he's overtly picking on you.
If you keep two dogs at the same time, they may fight for their own territories.
I don't like to be on camera. Don't take photos/videos of me.
There is a memorial arch at where the Tung Wah Smallpox Hospital used to be.
No wonder he was the champion - he played tricks in the game.
The project was made a failure this time. There's no hope left for promotion.
Many Hongkongers spend their whole life working just to own a flat.
He drinks beer whenever he has dinner.
This painkiller is very effective. It starts easing pain soon after you take it.
Why is the speaker clipping like that? I'd better turn it off.
Physics is the subject in which I am interested and like the most.
No need to worry. We'll definitely be able to finish it tonight.
I can see you tomorrow before I leave.
There is charity sale down the street, go check it out, see if there is any bargain.
We've waited so long for her, we might as well go.
Let me list you all his merits.
The clothes my mum bought me are not trendy at all, so ugly!
There will be talent show in our ceremony in a little while. Please enjoy the show.
He already has another string to his bow, just in case.
Hurry up and cut your thick and messy hair.
I've got four Aces! You are the one who loses.
The upper class often thinks that one's reputation is the most important thing to be valued.
Ah Ming majored in mathematics in university. His graduation thesis was related to calculus.
Are there always famous scenes in masterpieces?
Perhaps because I stayed up late yesterday night, it is just ten o'clock but I feel so tired already.
Hey! When you two got married, both of you promised to love and support each other for a lifetime.
She went out with me only after breaking up with her ex-boyfriend.
Each type all has a model to represent.
But remember - do your laundry before you sleep!
There are lots of other things you could do other than diving from the springboard! It's dangerous! You could have plunged all the way to the pool bed and hurt yourself.
Stainless steel pots are more durable than ordinary pots.
If a country doesn't want to be bullied, it must strive to become stronger.
The government will think of a way to improve the housing problems.
It's my birthday today. I'll have hotpot with my friends to celebrate.
Don't do it anymore, you almost die!
We decided to take a rest for one day before continuing our journey.
Your husband is just going to a social engagement, aren't you rather oversensitive?
I hurt my ankle so I cannot walk.
silk milk tea accompanied freshly-baked egg tart
It has not yet been as serious as such.
Before we knew it, our son had already grown up.
Many children love Christmas, because they receive Christmas presents that day.
The set meals aren't worth the money and aren't really our preference. Let's eat  la carte instead.
In view of the worsening pandemic, the U.K. decides to move to restrictions in a higher tier and impose a national lockdown.
This dress is awfully red, it's too attention-catching. Pick another one!
Though she is afraid of pain, she insists on having a natural childbirth.
You are walking on a tightrope in helping the company falsify its accounts.
They are only dating and are not considering marrying yet.
The storm came abruptly while waves broke.
I am still being financially tied down by a drop in the stock.
That's just a minor fault, is it worthwhile to keep humiliating repeatedly for the whole day?
Being too keen on gaining petty advantages makes a person vulnerable to being cheated.
In order to win the girl's heart, A-chung sent 99 roses to her. Still, he ended up being rejected.
A man was trapped under the mud and firemen spent two hours rescuing him.
I strongly recommend this hotel to you.
I will find an island to enjoy my remaining life.
The weather is so hot and it is more comfortable to have some cool drinks.
It's easy to lend, but it's hard to make them return.
In many cultures, butterflies are seen as a symbol of beauty.
To record a video, we must not use a mobile phone; instead, it is a must to use a video camera recorder!
Many thieves would steal things by distracting the target.
The whole thing was so ridiculous pigs would fly.
The dress shows exquisite craftsmanship.
You have to repay your loans. Don't pay any intermediaries.
I haven't seen him in ten whole years!
It is really difficult to hit the high notes of this song.
Who is the owner of the gift?
This new model of headphones has good sound quality.
By studying past cases, doctors can lower the chances of misdiagnosis.
The thieves stole a large amount of cash from his house.
An eyewitness said she heard a loud bang.
When the election results were announced, his family and friends wired him to congratulate him on his high vote.
Tyres wear away after lengthy use.
The model is broken. Help me fix it with some super glue.
The spirit of separation of powers is to prevent concentration of power and to establish checks and balances.
The deadline to pay the money back is 20th March.
Thieves these days are really ruthless, running into supermarkets and snatching items in broad daylight!
If I had to accompany him, I would rather go to the movies.
crying with quite amount of tears
He doesn't work seriously but just acts in a carefree manner. Be careful when you work with him.
This job has no prospect. You'd better find another one.
He has taught in that school for three years.
If your Photoshop technique is good, you can transform an ugly girl to a beauty.
He did the homework very indifferently.
The bags were opened when they arrived.
I don't believe he is acting alone, you must make him confess his accomplices.
They are deeply in love with each other so they never quarrel.
Our Centre, subordinary to the Faculty of Arts, is non-profit and responsbile for our own profits and losses.
How long has she lived in Macau?
It has been raining for hours. Give it a break please!
It's time for you to find a companion.
Never throw away these recording tapes, they recorded your grandmother's voice when she was alive. If you throw them away, your grandpa will be very sad.
It is necessary for state leaders to reevaluate the impacts on the geopolitics of Asia-Pacific of North Korea's political situation.
What? Why is there a blackout all of a sudden!
Grasp the nettle for the champion.
He is very familiar with this article after memorising it.
Turtle-rail is slow, and frequently breaks down too.
He is a person who dares to speak and is not afraid to express his opinions.
The newly elected district councillor would like to join the election for Kowloon West constituency.
It's not easy to buy a bottle of bleach these days. Many citizens have no alternative but to buy at several times the usual price.
Why did you dyed your hair all green. It's so bizarre.
Many participants in the marathon are sent to the hospital due to exhaustion.
Are you getting used to life in Hong Kong?
This organisation receives funds from many different people!
Can you smell the gas?
You sit in a poor posture. You will get neck and shoulder pain in the future.
The government issues a white paper to suggest education system reform.
He likes roller-skating.
My business is just managed to break even.
No one uses secretary stations nowadays; its's too expensive.
He is an extrovert, and he likes chatting with people.
He has strengthened his training in preparation for next month's open.
If you can't go to college, finding a job isn't so bad.
Our activity does not have enough participants so we cannot make it.
The plane was hijacked en route to Hong Kong.
I have rewritten this essay for many times.
There's something wrong with this mouse.
People say that monk fruit with water can stop coughing.
After the draw in this game, the Wolverhampton Wanderers will be relegated to the English League One.
This flat was sold for 20 million dollars.
So big is the telephone on the table and you can't see it. You are blind?
The items on display will be arranged in a chronological order.
This attempt of the free-kick hit the wall. Not a good shot!
The company that he had worked for twenty years has disintegrated in one night.
In Taiwan 7-11 convenient stores provide printing service.
I finally fucked the girl yesterday.
My mouth feels dry and empty after walking to the flower market. Let's go have a stick of fishballs.
Tonight the football match commentary will be given by Ho Ching Kong.
I scraped my knee and it left a scar.
Can't you just go away?You're holding me back!
These useless teens are making a mess of Hong Kong.
Don't just sit there; help us come up with a solution!
You can't even distinguish glutinous rice and white rice?
Memories flash when we arrive at this familiar place.
In order to play this game you must first close your eyes.
She is dressing up very happy, however, someone stands her up.
The government has constructed canals to make it easier for farmers to irrigate their crops.
Stop calling me! I'm racing to the hospital right now.
Don't worry. He never leaves a trace.
Even though he is a world-renowned professor, he is very humble around others.
Since his divorce, he has started binge-drinking in bars by himself.
I was on shift tonight and it was really busy.
Which great person do you like the most?
He used sickness as an excuse to step down, and will officially leave his position by the end of the month.
We are not suitable, so we broke up.
This canteen supplies the meals for the whole campus.
Outside guests can go into the canteen at the tram terminus too.
I have a headache. Can you hand me some medicine?
I have some bits of chocolate with me, help yourself with it.
Doing nothing all the time, and getting all the credits himself alone, his is really greedy interns of gaining glory.
How could a human being possibly love everyone with equal amount?
Have you ever reviewed your lesson? Why do you get full red in your school report again and again?
Your report is neither fish nor fowl. You step out of line!
They cannot reach a consensus and split away finally.
[ChatGPT]The discussion at this meeting touched on the contradictions between the two sides.
Vehicle dismantlers usually recycle their scrap metal.
I have done a lot for him, but he doesn't appreciate at all. He didn't even say "thank you"!
Logically speaking, his intelligence wouldn't allow him to get this simple question wrong.
It's useless to stand your ground, why don't you concede, apologize to the big brother and hope he will go easy on you.
I will go to refill the LPG after this trip.
What a wonderful experience it is to have a living baby inside one's tummy.
He often goes to Shenzhen for massage, saying the spending there is cheaper.
Our department has limited resources. You guys need to work within our means.
My friend passed away a few days ago. I will go to the funeral parlor tomorrow to say farewell to him.
Nowadays retro is trendy. Those hipsters prefer to dress like old ladies instead.
For safety's sake, the public should stop using these unsafe products.
I want to bang her furiously.
Our boss is very mean, even if the company makes a profit, it won't pay any bonus.
The government cannot gain credibility from people now.
What are you two girls whispering about?
Nothing good happens every time I see you, what do you want this time?
The teacher plays games with us during class.
The government is not showing sympathy for the situation of the people.
You can see further from the upper level, but there is additional charge.
The president of the student union is summarizing his platform.
She loves and cares the baby so much that she treats it even better than me!
They threw some coins into the wishing pond for the sake of fortune.
You are already a grown woman, you can handle it yourself.
"It was so kind of you to give us a lift."   "Don't mention it - it was nothing!"
Ever since she got tattooed eyebrows, she don't have to put makeup on them anymore.
We spend a lot of effort in order to convince the management to withdraw this decision.
In many cultures, dragonflies are thought to be related to supernatural powers.
We would invite our honorable guest to give us a speech in the ceremony every year.
After the investigation, the police deduced that he was the murderer.
Wing's room is so untidy that it looks like a dump.
I broke it, so I should pay for it myself.
If I win first prize in the Mark Six lottery, I'll be able to quit working and live a life of luxury.
The twin sisters look very alike, so much so that we cannot distinguish who is who.
That he risked his life to save lives is praiseworthy.
Psychological stress is one of the causes of Alopecia Areata.
One should have a broad and long-range ambition and should not only care about today.
Give me some goodies and I'll lend you my help.
People are not interested in such courses. It'd be better to cancel them.
He is no average Joe. You can tell by how his funeral had both visitors from the gangs and that from the police.
Hong Kong Customs seizes suspected over 1 million illicit cigarettes.
The incumbent president has to face a lot of problems.
Wind screens are made of tempered glass.
The old man was so sick that he was on the verge of dying. He's in the hospital now, and there's no telling if he'll survive.
This opportunity is very rare that you won't come across through seeking. You have to seize it well.
Being able to wrap up events nicely will give you a chance to the road of success.
He should at least treat me to a meal as I've helped him with so many things.
The volunteer rescuer unfortunately died in aftershock.
My boss told me to do so; there's nothing I can do about it. It's not like I'm the one in charge.
Those naughty teenagers are wantonly destroying the park.
He's down-to-earth enough to not depend on flattery to succeed.
What does that sign means?
If you don't publish the post now, it can't get any likes.
The differences between those two managers widened so much that eventually the CEO had to intervene and mediate between them.
After the meal, do you want any dessert?
to arrange seats according to the registration order
He was just sitting here, but in a flash, he was gone.
Reruning popular TV episodes is a consistent practice of television broadcast companies.
What we can do so far is very limited.
The behaviours of those Councillors in the LegCo have damaged their images in the public.
There were some strong winds today; when the plane was landing it felt like riding a horse!
They have decided to pick dodger blue as the colour of the cover of next issue.
He hasn't eaten for a few day. Now he would think everything is tasty.
Don't click links in unsolicited phone messages.
She is so fat that even XL doesn't fit.
After going bankrupt, he had no valuable belongings so he was left homeless.
Abetting others in committing suicide is a violation of law too.
Water flows through his fingers.
Great, it's Friday again!
Can you help me press the lift button, please? I want to go to the 13th floor.
I always get marker ink all over my hand every time I use a whiteboard.
When he became the Supreme Command, he was still very young.
As members of the junior staff, we don't have any influence over the business strategies of the company.
This way of eating is very traditional, it used to be everywhere.
The affairs of the Hong Kong people should be dealt with by themselves.
I had an argument with him, and we still haven't made up yet.
Customs seized pirated merchandise from Africa.
Miss, we have clothes of every size, you don't need to worry.
Looting in broad daylight? How dare you!
He is not totally deaf, but moderately hard-of-hearing.
This harbour freezes over for three months every winter.
Why did you unleash your frustration on me unprovoked? Are you out of your mind?
Ah B, time to take a bath.
There's no flush toilet in the countryside!
You can enjoy yourself even you are alone.
The soap operas are always about how the rich outwit each other and fight over some estate.
All parents would act in the interest of their children.
The society is money-oriented. There is no such thing as true friendship.
It is the responsibility of citizens to register as voters.
You look flustered, what have you done?
There weren't computers in the past. If you wanted to write a letter you would need to write it by hand.
The document is very important. Hand it to your workmates for double-checking before sending it out.
He's not familiar with you, so he's not likely to come.
The picture of the two of them got photoshopped onto a beach, and the whole thing suddenly became more romantic.
It had been a drought for a long time before the rain could finally moisten the farmland.
That's her character, not flexible enough.
He came towards me quietly. I was scared.
The older twin was born only two minutes earlier than the younger twin.
This ticket allows you unlimited entries for a day.
He had to save up for down payment so he had to focus on making money.
When our baby gets older, I want to get a new stroller.
What is this powder on the floor? Hurry up and sweep it away!
As people grow old they often love droning on about ethics.
He held a good hand, but surprisingly was unable to win the game.
My leg was in plaster for two months.
Don't try to dominate all people! You should respect others' will.
How can a little gossip undermine my determination to exalt my subordinates?
My family doesn't allow me to study abroad.
Dandruff easily shows on black clothes.
There's a reward for whoever finds the lost property.
How can we come back from Japan empty-handed?
The racing track has five people.
If you create an account on e-banking this month, you can enjoy cash prize.
This guy always complains. He's really insufferable.
Don't judge the restaurant by its facade. The food here is really bad.
It's rush hours now, don't stand here and block the flow.
Everyone has emotions. The key point is to know how to control them.
Teach me how to download this photo, could you?
I never thought I would experience a deadly fight at the train station.
Let's go to Five Stations Hill to see celebrities!
The staff are very unhappy with this round of salary freeze.
In past dynasties, the Chinese Empire kept witnessing overthrows in name but no genuine political reform.
The boss said she hadn't done her best, and so was fired.
Buying oversea property is like buying a cow that is over a mountain, it is very risky.
It is a trend now to take aerial photography with radio-controlled aircrafts.
Your body constitution is of 'heat and drought', so you must drink more water.
George Lam's last concert is held today.
The mall has two restrooms each floor.
The bill will pass if more than half of the present lawmakers vote for it.
Teens are energized, they are no problem with playing overnight.
The contractor said that he forgot to bring his tools and would be half an hour late.
The military force secretly used savage torture to extort a confession.
New York is one of the world's most beautiful cities.
He just ate an egg sandwich for lunch.
The doctor says he is out of danger and is stable now.
I saw him peeping in someone's shower!
They have been arguing for an eternity and reach no real conclusion.
Besides being a good employee, he is also a good father.
When they got married, they organised a feast with 10 tables.
You must be dedicated to serving our country, so its sovereignty can perdure.
He showed up in a car and asked me out for dinner. It's really hard to turn him down so I had to accept the invitation.
I've worked in this company for many years. Asking myself, I was a faithful and responsible employer. Why did the boss fire me?
The general defended Sichuan using the peculiar landscape with one thousand troops against an invasion of ten thousand.
America decided to launch an armed attack on Iraq.
I'll put the stapler on the desk to make it easy for all of you to use it.
It's just a birthday party. There's no need to involve so much manpower!
His pushing to the goal was finished with a really good shot, with a nice angle and strength.
A-ming is playing soccer against the wimpy A-chung. How is it possible that he has a fifty-fifty chance to win? 90% is more like it.
I felt so relaxed right after the bath.
Actually these several songs can be compared to his popular ones, but they really gain so little attention.
This magazine always discloses a lot of insider information.
The penalties of conviction of drug driving include imprisonment for 3 years.
She is quite edgy today. Maybe she's on period?
Many people use their thumbs to control their mobile phones.
My daughter is coming back for dinner tonight, let's make more dishes!
No matter how high has one achieved in ability and knowledge, without good character, it is still useless.
Have you ever considered me to be your friend?
The chef from this restaurant produces first-class dishes.
If the worst comes to the worst, we can walk back home.
If you want to be a shareholder, you need to fill in the letter of intent first.
You may start once I blow the whistle.
His missing is just a false alarm. Go to the police station and close the case with me.
The government will hold a press conference later to talk about the latest development of the epidemic.
If you can help others while benefiting yourself, why not do it?
You are already an adult. You can't act arbitrarily and recklessly anymore.
Take the invoice and finish paying over there.
In 2009, due to huge loss in USA business, HSBC launched Britain's biggest rights issue, raising 12.8 billion pounds.
A clerk like me is the bottom layer of the corporate pyramid.
The old man sits in the park every day.
The greatest enjoyment on Sundays is to curl up in bed and sleep as much as you want.
He was sentenced to 2 years and has been in jail since last week.
I dripped some ketchup on my clothes.
You occupy an important post in the company. If you want others to be convinced by you, remember to be just and unselfish.
You can always see tourists going on shopping sprees in pharmacies in Japan.
He told me to eat it all, I said absofuckinglutely not!
Feel kinda bored and so watch a movie alone. It's all because no one is with me.
Take the wheelbarrow and bring the bricks over there.
Do more things beneficial to society.
You have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
The first test-tube baby was born in the United Kingdom.
He feels more comfortable to sleep naked.
It's so hot. Time to take a nice shower!
Alright, the last contestant has already arrived. The competition officially begins!
This gift is really thoughtful.
[ChatGPT]She's been absent-minded all day and keeps making mistakes, seems like she has something on her mind.
You need to assume responsibility this time as it is your fault.
Do you know your own place? How dare you talk to the boss with such tone?
It's not him who was set up. He set me up instead.
When I was in secondary school, I had to take part in the Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination.
The salary is so low. I can't pay for the mean if I pay the rent.
No wonder the room is suffocating; it has no window.
Sunday's traffic is clearer.
According to polls, the number of supporters of this party is starting to decline.
Hong Kong people do really love to work.
He is an unrelenting opponent of racial discrimination in enterprises.
Anything would be fine, as long as there's something to eat.
The person I am seeking for, is over that side of the river.
These are "public properties", don't take them as your own.
It's just an intermittent rain. Let's wait here under the veranda.
Shipyards in Hong Kong were among the best in Southeast Asia.
A mosquito bit me on the arm.
Her tummy is so big. She must be having a baby.
by the way, what will you do on ordinary day?
People like this are worthless.
Shut your mouth. No talking.
He comes out naked after finishing a shower.
It's tough to study in night school while you need to work in the day, how is that possible for you to study after school?
I sent you a letter by surface mail.
The Mid-Autumn Festival is on the 15th day of the 8th month of the Chinese calendar.
It's you who jumped the queue. Why are you accusing me?
He stopped the car before the traffic light, but wouldn't start it even on green light. It's crazy!
On the seafront there is a big observation wheel.
Children are the pillars of the future state.
People gathered outside the government headquarters in protest against the government's tax increases.
This building was built in an irregular shape, I'm sure it is not comfortable to live in.
My uncle, who's a taxi driver, had his license suspended a couple of months earlier. Now he doesn't have the money to eat.
Turn on the TV now! I need to watch the news.
Do you understand?
The murderer of Mr. Chan is still at large.
My son is not feeling well. I want to call in sick for him.
Singers perform in this restaurant regularly, which is quite special feature of it.
Foreign protesters always burn police cars to express their anger.
In this competition, we must not be blinded by our success nor discouraged by failure.
At that time, many people did not expect so.
There are many fallen leaves in the park. It takes a long time to sweep them away.
The relationship between Siu-mei and her boyfriend has worsened.
[ChatGPT]Don't talk about it until we visit the temple.
He lost a duel against a kid, how embarrassing.
He denied the charges, he's even saying he was set up.
There was a granite quarry in Quarry Bay in the past.
You're wearing too many colours. It doesn't look good!
We had better lie in wait to avoid loss.
Please do not turn over the exam paper yet.
Ordinary people lack basic scientific knowledge. It's a sign that scientific outreach efforts are unsuccessful.
A-chung said he's going out to the sea to catch sea monsters.
Water is swilling inside the water bottle.
Obviously, it was the incompetence of our new colleague that led to this mess, but my boss made me the scapegoat, blaming me for not teaching her properly.
Women should avoid cold food and drinks during the menstrual period.
There is no essence in this dish of barbecued pork on rice at all. You get me?
His whole family does not cook at home and always goes out for meals.
Please slightly make a change here on this contract.
The air of nature is very fresh.
Windows in this bedroom face northeast.
This is such an exceptionally nice goal!
We should waste no more time. May we invite our chairman to give us a welcoming speech.
Street lights are yellow because it's less dazzling.
After the fishing boat sank, three fishermen had been driven by the current in the sea for 24 hours before they were rescued.
Congratuations sir, you won a prize! When would be a convenient time for you to come over to our office to pick it up?
He has a small stature, and looks too young.
The teacher asked the students to speak in English in the class.
I always play the guitar, and that gives my fingers all these calluses.
How strange, why do you and your brother have different surnames?
We all know the apocalypse is just a myth. You shouldn't worry too much.
I was distressed when I saw how thin and overworked she was.
Siu Ming sneaked a snack but had neglected to dispose of the wrappers. Even if he wiped his mouth, I can still tell what was going on.
Solely particles in Cantonese already take you lots of time and effort.
Let's prepare the dishes in advance. When everyone arrives, we simply need to reheat the food.
He didn't answer when we asked him. He must have done something wrong.
Which do you prefer, beef or pork?
You are not caring enough as you don't even know that I have a food allergy.
The smell of vodka is much stronger than red wine.
Criminals must be punished by the law.
When you do not need an Octopus Card, you may return the card and regain the deposit.
Shops re-opened gradually after the Lunar New Year holidays.
He has been stealing since a very young age.
A visit from you is a rare occasion; how about you stay for dinner tonight?
She first began to weep and then cried loudly.
Right after Ah Chi entered the industry, she had to learn how to be on the runway.
The typeface doesn't look good, change it!
Every month, females become especially hot-tempered for several days as always.
Being employed in Hong Kong is worse than being a dog.
He left behind a letter to you and left.
The old woman goes to the market every day.
168, which means to be prosperous all the way, what a good sign!
The lease of his shop expired and he could only dump his inventory with a clearance sale, effectively selling princesses as maids.
The puppy is moving its ears. So cute!
His girlfriend found out he was sexting with another girl. It's over for him now.
She went to the bank to update her passbook and check whether the company has paid her the salary.
He's already been out of work for 3 months.
He has gone for a honeymoon trip. He will return to work next month.
There is some water on the floor. Be careful when you pass by.
Please put back the books tidily.
This part is so boring. Just skip it.
He was punished to stand still for being not attentive in class.
The audition is rigged. No matter how hard you try, you won't get a single chance to beat him.
I really want to help him out of his abyss of pain.
"Where are you? I have been waiting for an eternity." "k"
You should give up pursuing her. She has already got a boyfriend.
All scouts have to stand perfectly straight.
I saw her medical record. Her heart disease was inherited from her family.
He has just miskicked the ball. How embarrassing!
You are big enough to take over my company and be in charge of it, my son!
A dagger is the most effective melee weapon.
Lately the economy has been bad. Everyone is having a hard time putting food on the table.
My colleagues mock me as my influence is in decline.
All my royal subjects admire me.
[ChatGPT]Buying something like this for a few dollars is really worth it.
I am planning for the worst.
Excuse me, you cannot smoke in the hospital.
Every banquet must have a moment to part. You do not need to miss this.
There is a huge gap between the first and the last place.
Not to create new problems, the company has suspended all developmental projects.
Here's $10000 in total. Take it.
The secret agent transformed into an old lady with some help from make-up and props.
We won't have lunch together today.
What? You want to have the beautiful girl as your girlfriend? You are dreaming for something impossible!
I took a six-hour hike today, and I am completely exhausted.
His sudden resignation stirred up a dispute, like a big crushing wave, in the company.
Besides being dubbed, William Chan's advertisement has also become a meme, as it seems like that it could be used in any situation.
I don't see why it's funny.
The party media would not report these news, as they may deteriorate the party's image.
The performance starts at 8:00 sharp.
If you don't put effort into your studies, you will fail your tests.
I haven't seen Shan-shan for many years. She's now grown up as a tall and slim lady.
Wednesday is the most tiring day of the week.
He thinks he can attract lots of career options with the advantage of graduating from a top university, so he has been very selective.
It was said that HSBC was considering redomicilation and gave me a good scare.
I have been using this package of washing powder for six months. It's quite economical.
I heard the loud laughter from the room and was wondering who it was. So it was you.
You shouldn't worry too much at work, just do it with guts and speed.
It used to be a common practice to go to tea house to listen to Cantonese Opera music, but not anymore.
Please do bring an extra coat for your skiing trip.
Do not bargain with those who do not have sense, it is useless.
Do not bother about my own matters anymore.
It might be demanding to take care of family members when they fall ill.
All because of me, everyone was embarrassed.
At first glance, there doesn't seem to be a difference.
He tripped out of no reason.
Auntie Jane has an open-minded personality. She can face the difficulties optimistically.
Play and only play? You should be determined to study well instead.
He speaks a simple English that's very easy to understand.
Some people think that legalising football betting will corrupt social values.
With the decreasing number of fishermen in Hong Kong, those boat-people songs may fail to be passed down.
Becoming physically weak as people get old is very common.
My hometown become desolate and without people.
Her husband is really somebody; he's a senior government official.
This film once caused quite a stir for some time!
This calculator uses solar energy, so you don't need to worry about the battery running out.
How about you give the presentation in the meeting tomorrow as the original plan.
Employment Ordinance, Chapter 57, Hong Kong Laws
If a male virgin sees a hooker, she'll give him a "red packet" for losing his virginity!
This activity is rather small-scale; only a small size of participants will be welcome.
When you are free, listen to some music and relax.
The way you treat him is a little bit over.
He thinks this is a good story. That's why he starts making a film based on it.
She finished all the work at hand with a sense of achievement.
I have your son now, prepare 1 million dollars to get him back.
We have to fit in with the bank's office hours to open new accounts.
The stationery here, sold at reasonable prices and of high quality, are well received by customers.
I've already followed his instruction to do all the work, but now he asks me why I did it so quickly, and whether I want to take the rest of the time! He argues without any reason!
It is very impolite if you speak while you chew gum.
The rhyme of 'cake' is 'ake'.
You've taken antibiotics for so long. You've got to replenish some probiotics.
His cooking skills have already reached an extraordinary level.
You haven't come back for a long time, so you should really have some home-made soup.
Which airline company did you buy your ticket from?
This time you are "thick first division legs in mini skirt" - expose the shortcomings by your own !
During the breakout of SARS, restaurants earned a lot less.
Antennae are significant sensory organs of insects.
The city is too suppressive, that everybody is a bit depressed.
Kung has attended Fook's funeral yesterday.
Estuaries are suitable for the growth of mangroves.
After three years of war, the army became injured, incomplete and weak.
It's remarkable for the couple to love each other so much despite being married for so many years.
Everyone knows that he likes Fat.
We can build habits by conditioning.
If you cheated on me, I would tell all your faults off to your parents.
Virtual reality can feel very real.
It is of no use begging and pleading to me. I'm not the one in charge.
Those two are always competing with each other.
Oh my god! Our son fell off his bed facing down!
We have not seen each other for ten years; still, you look young.
Those who have money, offer money
He is no longer a managing director as he was just demoted yesterday.
If he dares to mess up with me, I'll make a desperate fight with him.
I am refreshed after a face wash.
In this village, most of the families are rich.
Don't sprinkle too much cinnamon powder into coffee, for cinnamon's nature is 'hot and dry'
I have never considered getting my ears pierced.
Both of them fight vigorously because of a girl.
The film on release has nothing worth mentioning and is probably overrated.
The new actor is comical in a way that cannot be described
Nowadays, many university students worry about their future prospects.
My mum is going through menopause. She scolds me every day.
He beckoned to me, as if he wanted to speak to me.
I went to see a doctor because I've got a fever.
[ChatGPT]As we parted ways, I still couldn't bear to let go of my feelings for them.
to try to cheat until one succeeds
The quality of the discussion there is too low, isn't it?
That actress has a long-lasting beauty, she keeps shining through out all those years.
This morning my leg was bitten by the dog. Now I have to go to the emergency room.
Hold on, there are some problems.
I will take you to the park if you finish your homework.
The biscuit is too hard that i can't bite it into pieces.
Some politicians would go into exile in other countries when things are looking bad for them.
to apply the formula in daily life
The weapon's power could be further increased.
"Come Home Love" finally comes to an end after nearly 3 years on the air.
Where did I meet you before, miss? You look familiar.
Though it is a power strip, it doesn't mean that you can plug in as many devices as you want. You would blow the fuse.
They hope that this pioneering work could be included in the Guinness Book of World Records.
The company is going to cut budget again.
The woman at the market is pretty nice, she gives me extra veggies all the time.
That guy has been sizing us up for some time. Does he have malicious intentions?
Our company will have a strategy meeting at the end of the quarter.
I'd like to give you a generous gift to thank you for being our matchmaker.
Tomorrow will be the finals of the "God of cooking" competition.
After you have shampooed, you must thoroughly rinse your hair clean.
You should consciously bring the tableware to the kitchen!
It's over a half cheaper to buy this pair of sneakers in Japan than as scalped in Hong Kong.
A public car park is built at the bottom of the station.
He lied to me by saying that he was not at home.
Let's finish your food quickly, then you can go out.
Your family of seven live in a place of 300 squared feet? It's just too cramped!
Bra pad can create the effect of breast enlargement.
Oh dear. What on earth can I do to make him want me?
Here is the entrance. You can't go out through it.
I am not worried at all even there are many rivals.  I am confident that I will win her heart soon.
A-ming has been unable to detach himself from the male lead since he played that character in the last movie.
Fuchai of Wu did not listen to Wu Zixu's advice and finally lost his state.
He always tries hard to look cool, does he think he is very cool?
A-chung got lost in watching Moe girl anime and hadn't slept for days. Result? He had a seizure last night and got sent to the hospital.
You need to work harder in order to get better results.
The children was captivated by the story.
This painting captured the essence of femininity.
Many kind-hearted people improved the hiking path for others to walk.
Please remember you are the prince, your speech and behaviour should be self-respecting.
The score of the football match between Germany vs Brazil is seven to one.
Excuse me, can I have a bottle of clean water please
There are 15 minutes left till the game ends. Time for the manager to change the tactics.
Your girlfriend is so nice to you. You hit the jackpot!
Grandpa brings me to yum cha every Saturday morning.
The enemy took explicit actions, probably in order to lure us to expose ourselves.
I have no say anyway.
Many figures of matches are drawn on the book.
He doesn't have the guts to deal with things head on but runs away at the slightest hint of danger.
How hypocritical it is for the government to sponsor cultural development, yet worried about opposition from intellectuals.
She never said that. Please don't headcanon.
I don't know why but my mind is constipated today.
Many people living in Tin Shui Wai go to Yuen Long town centre to buy ingredients for cooking.
Tomorrow is the exam, but I didn't revise before, so I need to burn the midnight oil to do my revision.
The most important thing in doing things is to know how to take action and be ready to change tactics at any time.
He works in a vegetable wholesale market. He needs to wake up at 3 a.m. every day.
The sauce is too strong and covers the raw flavor of the steak.
You are really knowledgeable about products! The skirt that you've chosen is cheap and pretty.
We can't be losers; we must fight for our dignity!
I just pulled his collar for a bit. I can't see how come I'm charged with assault.
We are pleased to see students care about society.
I prefer adding some sesame oil to to enhance the flavour of the food.
That woman used her mobile phone to take pictures of the jurors inside the court. She was charged with contempt of court by the judge.
Patricide is a common theme in Greek mythology.
We're of the same age. Try to put yourself in his shoes and you'll understand. Please give him a chance.
These two brothers are like fire and water, their personalities are completely incompatible.
When I heard the news I was really surprised.
If there's nothing I can help with, then I'll be going.
I didn't say I disagree with what you said.
How do you calculate the volume of a sphere? I forgot.
Remember to invite me to your wedding banquet when you get married.
As a man, one should always help the people in need. Remember not to maltreat an injured person further.
Madam, you haven't pressed your card right yet.
How heavy was your daughter when she was born?
Being a doctor one definitely needs to bear in mind the occupational moral principle that one must not expose patients' personal information.
After having the thermo ventilator, the bathroom is cool in summer and warm in winter.
Fishers like to dry the shrimps naturally for easier storage.
Assassins are usually very good at techniques such as disguise and blending into crowds.
The black rainstorm signal will be hoisted soon, why don't you go home?
I often have a full meal for dinner, but when midnight comes, I always want to have snacks so badly.
It's the end of the month. Have you received your salary yet?
You don't even know how to do multiplication? Didn't you learn anything from school?
The police officer arrested the wrong guy and was given admonition.
Dried peel could enhance the smell of red bean sweet soup.
Only girls like drinking scented tea/floral tea.
Stop stirring your drink! It's getting all frothed up.
I hired you to help me work on those numbers, got it?
He made everything up! I never commit a murder!
Children under the age of 3 will be admitted free of charge.
She is very good at math.
A mediator will conduct the mediation in an impartial manner.
Under globalization, the age of global village has finally come.
No matter what you tell a kid, whether it's right or wrong, the kid will easily trust it.
The tombstone is engraved with the dead person's name, date of birth and death.
I finally get to see him!
There isn't enough lamp light in this room.
It's very likely that I can't come today.
I'll be away for a short while.  Could you please stand in for me?
[ChatGPT]We need to hear the whole story from him.
Boss isn't in a good mood today, we're bound to suffer.
The original shop cannot afford the increasing rents and will be closed soon.
The shop is going to open today.
It's normal for me to dodge when you rush towards me.
The waist part is a bit too loose. Give me a smaller one please.
A serious discord crept into relations between the two business partners; they eventually ceased the partnership.
Occasional spotting around menstrual periods is usually trivial, but if it persists for two to three months, it is better to get checked up by a doctor.
My company asked me to hand in a list of employees to be fired.
The colour of this shirt is quite nice.
Your flirting with me out in the open makes me really embarrassed.
He is a really big fan of this singer, no scandal can sway his fanaticism.
You're staying up so late. Don't you have to take an exam tomorrow?
Dozens of migratory birds come and spend the winter in Hong Kong every year.
The climax of today is getting started!
You should mind how much alcohol you drink. You can't drink too much.
"Jottings on Hong Kong" is the first book exclusively about Hong Kong written in Chinese characters.
This place is quite secluded, you can slack off in it without being noticed.
Shall I write your name or your company's name on the cheque?
Whether guys go as girls in MMOS for fun or for profit, is hard to distinguish.
Examiners will also collect rough paper from candidates.
What is the solution to this question?
He can't be so silly to bet on the Man-U!
Nowadays, budget airline plane tickets are cheap.
A shirt? Why not this? You can always look fit in it.
Putting so much stuff behind the fire door, you won't be able to escape once you have to.
I bumped into someone, only to then realize my purse had been opened.
We are joining the singing contest just for fun.
We've played three ball games in succession, so we need a rest.
I simply can't remember his name.
Can it be any more coincidental that the metro breaks down when it's raining?
We are paying extreme attention to this case.
The tyre of the bus burst in the midway.
After 10pm, there are many illegal hawkers setting up stalls for business.
We would rather die than sell out our comrades.
I am not going back no matter what.
What's the point of complaining to me? I have no control over these things.
Kid, stop butting in, go back and eat.
Buffets obviously serve up all the subpar foods.
Little Sing would rather do tomorrow's homework in advance, so that he can play longer tomorrow.
He's had an interest in geology.
He worked in the department site under sun and rain, making his skin rough and wrinkled.
Under HKeToll, the new electronic auto-toll system will identify vehicles and collect tunnel fees by detecting vehicle tags.
This is a rare opportunity.
This chocolate truffle is very sweet but doesn't overwhelms your tongue, it's really good!
I was questioned by the police when I was out.
TV dramas with unacceptable contents will be banned.
Could you take a pen for me, please?
You should not spoil your kids.
The victim incriminated the suspect of indecent assault in court.
She is so beautiful that whenever she goes out, many people stare at her.
You don't need to be so upset about what you said to you. He didn't mean it.
He has some reputation in the cultural circle.
I just nearly broke the vase. Fortunately you are quick enough to catch it.
Ah-po starts to feel drunk after she drinks only a glass of wine.
If it is difficult to determine which horse crossed the finish line during the horse racing, we will check the slow motion video.
China's military strength is second only to the United States.
Do not deal with criminals in the underworld! That is very dangerous!
The civil society expressed a great concern on the government's recent continuous violation against human rights.
Dried seahorse is a type of Chinese medicine.
Don't you need to go to school today?
No matter how you implore him, he will never help you.
Earth-shattering news! The God of Singer is to retire!
If you make trouble again I will kick you out!
Why do you need to call up a gang to intimidate me? If you are a man, just fight me one on one!
Where was your wedding reception held?
You've been shifting responsibilities for the whole day, and no progress has been made. What's up with you?
I like visiting shops that sell handicrafts very much.
It is anticipated that the unemployment rate will be over nine percent.
This meal is about $50, I'd say.
We should be loyal to our partner, but not to be fickle.
I open the door with mighty force.
I'll treasure this gift.
I think people tend to eat more in winter.
When mercury is cooled by liquid helium, it enters a superconductive state.
There indeed was a silver mine in Silver Mine Bay.
I would like a bowl of hot bean curd pudding.
Have you sent the email to our client?
He used to be a drug dealer selling heroin on the street.
I suspect that there's a traitor in our department leaking information to them.
Although he works as a bar attendant in a bar, his alcohol tolerance is quite low.
Hello everybody! My name is Ah Chaak, and I am the master of ceremony for this award ceremony.
If you want to join the class in the middle of the course, you have to take a placement test.
I sent a letter by air mail to my sister living in the UK.
Kwai Mei lychees are usually cheaper than "chicken tongues".
If he refuses to move out, even though you are annoyed, you can do nothing about it.
With the Internet, a lot of information can be found instantly.
You have to speak out and fight for your own rights!
Our teacher is devoted in nurturing talents lifelong and contributes a lot to education.
As he says, this man cannot be trusted.
One must squeeze the venom out of the wound immediately after a snake bite.
There are 3 injured people in this car accident.
Every property developer is keeping a very close eye on the prime land, trying to get in there before everybody else does.
Doing volunteer work can make more friends.
This time he is definitely not going to have a holiday.
There are many bears in this area. Stay close to each other.
Let's play table tennis tomorrow.
There is a public restroom one block down.
This afternoon we went to the aquarium to watch penguins. They are so adorable!
You have devoted all your waking hours to work, yet never reaping the fruits you deserve. How is it worth it?
A new stall often marks down the price to attract customers.
Hey lazybones, why are you still sleeping? Don't you need to work today?
Families filled up the Tsim Sha Tsui habour to watch fireworks tonight.
Shopping could help us to release stress, but we should also be aware whether our shopping behaviour is problematic.
You'll play the waiter, and I'll play the customer.
Some think that this volcano eruption was caused by the movements of tectonic plates.
This is about me and her, others should not disturb.
The book is about the stuff taught in class. He's already familiar with it, so he finished the book in no time.
It's just a few dollars, there's no need to obsess about it.
This morning, I could not wake up and I skipped class.  Did the teacher call the roll?
These days, I have been bustling about my daughter's future education.
He has only himself to blame for engaging in this miserable situation.
That's their family affair and it's none of your business. Don't chip in.
Proxima Centauri is about 4 light-years away from the Earth.
Hand me the towel, please.
I need to pace in order to think of new ideas.
The policy address discussed environmental issues at length.
I need to estimate how long I take to finish all my revision.
This position is to teach children Chinese.
Don't sit on the fence! Just make up your own mind, alright?
You have to read one book every week.
I know you have many unique ideas, but sometimes you just have to be more realistic. You know, you can't always do whatever you want.
He has the title of a superintendent, but in reality, it is not him who has the power.
[ChatGPT]Rent is expensive, not just in the mall, but also on the streets.
Don't play with him, he is bad at ball games and loves to throw a fit.
I was batted for no reason, and now he demands my apology, of course I am peeved by such injustice.
A small piece of the cloth was cut out.
The decoction time is different for different Chinese herbal prescriptions. It's usually expressed by specifying a ratio of bowls of water required initially to bowls of decocted medicine.
Although he always commits a gaffe and says some bad things, he has many friends.
I have walked the trail for more than ten times, it's an easy job for me to lead this time.
This might not be a bad idea.
Hong Kong is approximately at 22N 114E.
You, as a proper man, please don't always be so scared!
Your house is spacious, but there isn't much furniture, which makes it looks quite empty.
Please endure the pain. The ambulance is coming very soon.
Prices have dipped to a reasonable level.
I can help you only if you promise not to use and dump me.
He officially works as a tour guide, and does translation only as a sideline.
He only studies at that place.
Students should paint the picture with fuller colours.
Do you think exposing hairy armpits is acceptable?
Are you getting a manual driving license or an automatic one?
The Hang Seng Index rose 900 points today, which technically signifies the beginning of the bull market. We predict that it could reach 40000 next week, but beware of the risk that it may also fall to as low as 10000 points.
Keung takes white bread as meals to save money.
He went into the sea to swim, yet there was a shark, so he had to speed back to the shore.
We have a presentation tomorrow, and you're calling in sick now. Are you asking for trouble?
Those two sisters both study in this school.
This beauty pageant has three different prizes.
John has no principles, and he changes his mind simply by seeing which way the wind is blowing.
The poet's passion has affected all of his readers.
His family caught him watching porns.
Student performance on the whole was similar to that of last year.
Turkey is in the north of Iraq.
This flight route is somewhat roundabout, but on the upside it's cheap.
He's only got 80 marks in the exam. That's not as impressive as one might think.
The best activity in the holiday is to date the mahjong mates to play a few rounds.
What a coward. You can't even ride a roller coaster.
Above all, everyone shall stay safe and sound.
The restaurant selected the best ingredients.
The profit of the company has sharply decreased by 30%.
He miraculously remained alive after being trapped in the rubble for three days.
Have you looked for a partner for the ball in the end of this month?
It feel so good to swim during midsummer.
"Are you cold?" "Quite so."
I can see that the bag is fake at first glance.
He applied for reimbursement of meals with different excuses.
There are lots of apples on the fruit tree.
I hope that you will come back to Hong Kong soon.
What should we give to the elderly as a gift on their decadeversary?
Whatever happens, I will always stand by your side.
It would be awful if you let him know about this.
I did drugs in the past too. My experience might be persuasive enough for them to give up doing drugs.
Do it the way it should be done, you don't need to ask me.
The documents are in the suitcase.
This pair of scissors is not good. It is not sharp at all.
How can you be so sloppy when writing just a simple letter?
His English must be excellent after studying abroad for so many years.
This room is very stuffy. I can hardly breathe.
We are ready to crush any attempt to split the country.
My dream girl is perfect in every way!
You are playing really slowly, hurry up and play a card!
As a native Hongkonger, I love this city.
This is a fact, which you cannot deny.
Her eyes watered as she tried to stifle a yawn.
In my opinion, it'd be better to stay here.
[ChatGPT]Our vows were made with similar appearances, but now we are separated by longing.
He keeps talking about irrelevant stuff in serious discussions.
They finally broke up after having been together for three years.
Global warming in recent years causes the melting of frost soil and thus the release of ancient germs and viruses.
They hold a torch in order to make those beasts drive away.
You said one plus one equals zero? You must be completely crazy.
The Taliban has claimed responsibility.
He acted like a prisoner just released from jail, he start the penetration without foreplay once he get into the room.
The demand for these engineering works won't stop. Entering this field won't make you unemployed.
It wasn't as bad as he said it was.
The department concerned claimed that the death of the patient had nothing to do with the vaccine itself.
The thief is panic when he sees the police. So he did not run away.
The government would impose tax on residents' income.
I thought we were going to live it up tonight, but it turned out to be another letdown.
Sang's going to travel with his friends to celebrate his birthday.
The warden will inspect the dormitory every night.
Your equipment looks so professional!
The fortune-teller told that you would meet a benefactor this year.
The homestay host prepared a big meal for us. We were surprised by their friendliness.
My computer is so slow. What can I do?
I've only got big banknotes. Sorry about it.
The paycheque for December was, to my surprise, bounced by the bank.
The moment I saw my boss's incoming message, I was immediately awake.
We're only two sets into the game [of mahjong]. Surely you aren't trying to cash out your advantage early, are you?
News anchors must pronounce words clearly.
I'll take the minibus to go back instead so that it won't take me longer to wait.
We will give you $5000 as a compensation.
This place has become a park after reclamation.
I had my shin crashed with another person's yesterday, too hurt to walk now.
He usually takes off his clothes once he gets home.
Chief Secretary for Administration announced his resignation to run for Chief Executive.
He immediately went away as soon as he heard that I caught a cold.
Shall we find someone to look into his background? I think he is so suspicious.
Why did you insist in registering for this course? Everyone enrolling in the course has bad grades.
I want to cover it with mosaic for this wall.
If he really asks me, I could just hum and haw.
it is too good to be true
The weather is very nice today. We should go for a picnic instead of working!
Please ask him to call me when he wakes up.
Do you think Typhoon Signal No. 8 will be hoisted tomorrow?
I wish them well from the bottom of my heart.
Look at her angry face! I think we better leave her alone.
Remember to use a chain to lock up the bicycle!
He is very proud, as if the whole world spins around him.
You have to rewind the tape to the beginning.
Don't feel arrogant for being the 1st in class. There are plenty of schoolmates smarter than you.
An adverb describes the degree and mode of things, etc.
Females need to take care of their intimate parts.
In those days all 5 of our family lived in a board-partitioned room. After school we still had to help glue together plastic flowers.
MTR will deploy more staff to assist affected passengers.
the junction of Yen Chow Street and Cheung Sha Wan Road
The thief broke into my house silently.
You know this girl, huh?
You look so angry. Who offended you?
The woman next door always squeals as if a pig's being slaughtered. It's really unbearable.
The National Palace Museum houses many valuable antiques.
Professor Chan extended my deduction to a whole new level.
This woman has a malicious heart that she took her husband's life.
The dishes that you made are really delicious.
This book is made up of three parts.
This military action has been planned for three months.
They act lovey-dovey once in a while.
If you take those few incidents together, you will understand he is not a good man.
She is working again, to earn some extra cash for her child.
I have to measure the height of the wardrobe.
Public exams in Hong Kong always test students on pointless stuff.
[ChatGPT]Some neighbors smelled tear gas and immediately vomited on the street.
Spring has arrived. This morning I saw swallows build a nest on the banyan tree on the ground floor.
The stockpile of medications is not sufficient for the epidemic outbreak.
I met an interesting person not long ago.
At that time, he did not realize that he was being followed.
Ah-ming had a car accident. He has been sent to the hospital and is in a critical condition.
You don't even consider how difficult it was for your mother to give birth to you!
He still regrets being addicted in gambling in the past.
We will add a moment of silence before the match begins.
The government should enact law to discipline and control parallel traders.
Siu Ming smiles broadly when seeing his girlfriend. They are very sweet indeed.
This time you really made me angry.
His wife gave birth to boy-girl twins.
Though she has a tough life, she staunchly lives through her days.
After not showing up for a few days, he finally appears today.
You have an exceptional hearing, you can even notice the sound of me dropping a needle.
In 1960s, transistor radios made in Hong Kong were famous far and wide.
[ChatGPT]Those two are just all talk and no action, they're not really helping us.
Don't come any closer dickhead. We don't want you.
Our rank-and-file soldiers advance dauntlessly in wave upon wave that the morale is very high.
I don't think he can provide me with a future. Should I break up?
Humans have a weak immune system at young age.
After the incident, the relations between the two countries turned sour.
The ship has already traveled for 100 nautical miles.
Are you aware that it's actually quite impolite to stare at people?
He gives off a gentlemanly air.
She doesn't go to work because she needs to look after the children at home.
The realm of the world of the dead opens in the seventh lunar month every year.
The entire school - the principal, teachers, and students - joined hands to clean the campus.
The jewellery showed exquisite craftsmanship.
Could you pass me the bottle of ketchup?
Violent scenes on television corrupt the youth.
You have to state clearly which year, month and day.
The bosses of the two companies were absent in this conference. It implied that there was a problem in their cooperation.
He is eminent as he has ten As in HKCEE.
He plays the violin so poorly as if he were trying to kill a chicken.
It's common sense to treat us to a meal when you're no longer single.
Make a U-turn right ahead.
He didn't wear a bib when he ate, and now the clothes are all stained with food.
The glasses for short-sighted people is made of concave lens.
The security guard saw two suspicious people outside the bank, so he called the police.
He's a very bad guy. He always finds fault with others' choice of words and keeps interrupting.
The forensic pathologist thinks that the victim was killed and did not commit suicide.
That accident damaged the cerebrum, it affected my memory.
One should chew carefully before swallowing.
The government provides privileges in order to attract foreign businessmen to invest in Hong Kong's high-tech industry.
A-chung's bookshelf is occupied with Moe girl manga. There's no space for more serious books.
They are just throwing out ideas. Don't be so quick to get defensive.
The U.S. began to withdraw its troops from Iraq in 2007.
New restaurant? It's just a change of name! It's the same owner isn't it?
Mid-Autumn festival is coming, it's time to have persimmon fruit!
Since his wife dealt with familial matters back at home, he can focus on his career without worries.
HK government is planning to build an incinerator in Shek Kwu Chau.
We're in the same boat. If you betray me, you won't have it easy.
Everybody condemns the bloody attacks of the terrorists.
Such girl at 18 is as pretty as blooming flowers.
If we are not leaving now, we will surely be late.
You damn cunt! Don't let me see your face again.
Don't make stinky tofu with the kitchen door open will you, it's stinking up the house!
The unofficial history may be true.
He walks pass here every day by accident or not.
Don't be so fearful, just a little sound you don't need to intimidated.
He's really stupid bitch for not bringing an umbrella even though he knew it would rain today.
Children are the pillars of our future society.
We have to meet our target by any means necessary.
With his excellent writing skills, he finished several articles.
Mrs. Thatcher, a British politician, was commonly called "the Iron Lady".
Every planet has its own orbit.
He's so forgetful that he left his key behind here.
Do you really think that I don't know you are taking the blame for others?
He isn't even scared of drunk and speeding, risking his life as usual.
You are too sloppy for our company to hire you.
The company is seeing less profit than expected this year, and it is hoped that every department partake in creating revenue and cutting expenses.
We are on the negative side, we should do some research on disagreement.
More people can benefit from the new government policy.
It doesn't matter where we eat.
Right when the burglar was about to escape, he bumped into the owner who just came back.
Prove a bold hypothesis by finding evidence carefully.
It's just several degrees out today. I am shivering with cold now.
All officers with pips on their shoulder, follow me inside.
He is still alive, why are you always saying that he is dead?
What's wrong with the producer? The budget of the production was overrun.
I'll remember your number and report your behavior for sure!
The trousers weren't really large enough in the first place, and they even shrank when I washed them.
You're a big boy now. You should learn to manage your finance.
We can sunbathe on the sun deck.
He won't help you unless you give him something in return.
Granny walked so much better after the hip joint replacement.
He always talks back for no reason, such a stuck-up person.
This software is useful for designing.
There are a lot of newly invented buzzwords in Cantonese, a lot of them come from the Internet.
First of all, integrate all data collected from various places into a single table.
Can you squeeze some time for a lunch with me?
Go wee-wee now, or else you will wet your pants later.
Not returning to one's hometown after getting rich, is like wearing luxurious clothes at night.
The singer  becomes famous shortly after he released his album, winning the Fans' Choice Award for this year.
Is she unhappy? Why does she seldom respond to others?
After two nights of street sweeping in the night markets of Taiwan, he gained five pounds.
Siu-ming is so negative-minded, always claiming that he will not be able to finish his work.
The death rumour of a wealthy merchant is a frequent anecdote.
He couldn't control his emotion, and that's why he was in a love affair and had regrettable moments in his love life.
The meat is so rough, how can the baby bite? Cut it into smaller slices before giving it to eat.
They like to humiliate each other every day as a common practice.
There were only one or two familiar faces at the dinner party.
The waiters deserve tips for the satisfactory hospitality.
As we grow up, it seems harder to treat others sincerely.
My friend is stuck in the middle of conflicts at work, and it's hard to get out of the mess.
You two went for a drink last night; was there any chemistry?
All incomes and expenses are to be listed in the account book.
I'm cold and hungry, I couldn't stand any longer.
To be a role model for others, one should not use foul language or teach bad behavior
There is no space for parking in here. Let's go somewhere else.
We flew to London via Paris.
Our family of four is an entirety that we stay together wherever we go.
Our neighbor downstairs is complaining about our dripping air-con.
Our boy Ming's immunisation card has been lost. We have to replace a new one for him.
Knowledge from school is difficult to apply in daily lives.
Over 1000 people participated in today's competition.
You don't have even a bit of sympathy.
We are starting to have some more clues for the case.
If you're not baptized, you can't have this job.
She can't take part in the competition because she hurt her leg. Why don't you go see if you can cheer her up?
Number of fields which can be used to grow vegetables are decreasing.
If you cannot figure out the answer, just keep thinking until you figure it out.
What model is this watch? It looks cool.
The refugees were all shabby.
The new employee gets his own office, something not even the department director has. Talk about the tail wagging the dog!
Finish your homework quick, will you?
The drunk man smashed the window of that car.
Forehand passing is easier than backhand passing.
Don't hire a whore if your dick is so thin. What a waste of money!
The yield of that plot is often poor due to long-standing inundation.
He can't find a way to oppose me, so he's being unreasonable.
I have to eat right now, I'm seriously so hungry!
Expanding your own professional field can help improve your growth.
He is a really good help to my company.
Why you make all in a mess? Tidy the things up.
We must exercise our civic rights and support elections.
Adults no longer play with toys? Cars, watches, cameras, hi-fi, aren't those the toys of adults?
Why you look daggers at me ? Do you want me to beat you up ?
The president announced his retirement today.
Although this village appears to be underdeveloped, it is actually 'straw pile covering pearls'. Many residents are actually billionaires.
Do you really think that you are great?
Hurray, I hit it big! I won the Mark Six lottery!
You can hear a sizzling sound when the Wagyu beef is being served.
I need to go to toilet.
If I live here, firstly I can be close to school, and secondly I can live more comfortably.
Wait a minute, let me go to the loft and grab a pillow for you.
The two countries hope that they can solve the problem through friendly and open consultations.
You have worked so hard today. Why don't you take a leave, after all, you need bigger breaths for deeper dives.
Someone online spent several millions to buy her virginity.
I love living in the city centre. The well-developed transportation network allows me to get to other places easily.
Restaurants in Hong Kong often add a 10% service charge to the bill.
The theatre has already ended that movie's run. You can't see it there anymore.
Typhoon hits Hong Kong.  There is heavy rain and wind everywhere.
Chinese should have grammar and literacy.
I haven't been close to an anvil for ten years.
I don't get what's wrong with it no matter how many times I read.
They often flirt with each other in office.
Crap. I forgot to lock the door.
I have just returned to Hong Kong, I don't have any Hong Kong dollars.
I've lost my keys and I don't know where they are now.
It's not easy on nice sunny days like today! Let's have some outdoor activities for fun.
We got scooped by our competitor in the race to sell the same product. What a bad move for us!
No phones are allowed during class.
She remains unmarried in her forties and is in the danger of cementing her spinsterhood.
I saw this accident happened, I can be the witness.
Oh no! I forgot to bring my wallet!
The test just now was super hard.
The Pearl River is rich in water resources and surrounded by plains to boot. Thus, the area is fit for large-scale settlement of humans.
I am not learning boxing for street fights.
When I get old, I will definitely return to my native place.
The beginning of every year symbolizes sending off the old and welcoming the new.
I love to swim breast stroke the best, as I can swim very comfortably!
It was obviously due to his mistake that we overspent on the project. Why should we have to bear the consequences for him?
Facing the wall and reflecting on one's mistakes may not be a good educational method.
This clan has been living in the heart of harsh and unforgiving Sahara for generations.
If I didn't take any risks to expand our business on that day, our company wouldn't have today's achievements.
It's not surprise to know that you always deceive by others since you are not smart.
He is a loyal friend who would sacrifice himself for his friends.
Philosophy itself has no value at all from the very beginning. Its values are created by the person who studies it.
Vested interests may be resistance against the reform.
Don't worry, I've sent my brothers all over the place to look for Ming. We'll find him soon.
If you feel uncomfortable when you are carrying the baby, try loosening the straps on the baby harness.
Wearing a pair of boots in the summer, don't you feel hot?
Our hotel will make you feel at home.
We should defend our own rights.
His assets are worth of more than a billion.
Cases of sexual harassment are common on the Mass Transit Railway.
Let's return to this topic after the time broadcast and commercials.
He died by the hands of a country quack.
Planting drugs in his car to get him arrested, that's a really wicked plan you got here.
She dresses herself most decently, but when she eats, she always leaves a mess.
Put the fish in the microwave and cook it for 5 minutes.
It is somehow insincere to praise others' virtue while concealing their faults.
The transformer works poorly that the computer does not run smoothly enough.
I have to finish a 5000-word essay by 12, don't count me in for the dinner.
He has a sore throat. His voice is corase.
Drivers who accumulate 15 or more demerits in two years will lose their licence for up to three months.
Huh! You really think you're so smart?
The news that Jesus borned in manger was satisfied by people.
He broke the incident down and analysed it very thoroughly.
If one replaces his phone with a smartphone, he or she will be said to be old-school.
Being a lawyer is preferable these days.
On the day MLR trains on East Rail retired, many train fanatics took the last ride.
Recently, businesses have been giving out gifts to the public in order to help the government increase the vaccination rate.
Westerners are accustomed to making pumpkin lanterns during Halloween.
Students who study abroad usually have good English.
He works very hard so his boss increases his salary.
Told you many times not to rock on your chairs in lesson. What happens if you accidentally fell down!
The capacity to carry oxygen of warmer seawater is lower.
He was caught trying to smuggle 3 kilos of heroin into the country.
Are you kidding me? How on earth can you do business like this?
In ancient times, people traveled by riding horses.
Good thing you reminded me! I almost forgot.
All I do in the whole summer vocation is to idle.
While risk assessment deals with anticipated risks and the worst-case scenario is always borne in mind, it is not enough because disasters do occur in an accidental manner
I haven't done anything. Don't make false accusations against me!
Only this pack of powder is enough to put you in jail, you better be honest or we will file you two more charges on assaulting police officers and resisting arrest!
You are sick. You need to see the doctor.
I want to keep the receipt, thanks.
It's hard to retain normal operations of the company's factory premises.
The protesters marched from the Victoria Park to the Central Government Offices.
Why do you look pale? Are you not feeling well?
She is still happy even she is tied up; she must be a masochist.
All items in the shop are sold cheap at the clearance sale.
I always add two sachets of raw sugar to my coffee.
Mum told me not to talk with strangers.
The face is smooth as silk after using face mask.
I cannot do this, which is so evil.
My wife and my mom are arguing, what a dilemma, if I take any side I will die.
He is of my father's age, yet there is no generation gap in our friendship.
I've forgotten to bring the umbrella and I'm soaked from head to toe.
The wooden floor has been waxed.
These corrupted officials are so bad that anyone could kill them.
There are 98 elements exist in nature.
After the rainstorm, amateurs again flocked to Nam Shan Estate to take photos of rain reflections. Don't they ever get bored?
I am one of the committee members of the student union.
Let's discuss the matter when the memory of the scandal fades.
He is so indecisive, I don't know what does he want.
This extraordinary creature exists in the legends.
We are making meat dumplings. They will be ready by dinner time.
Oh, he doesn't feel well, does he? Leave him alone then.
This case leads him a trauma.
Indefinitely, I work so hard, but why it's not good as I imagine?
The distributor sends two bunches of newspapers to this newsstand every day.
He's very capable - he managed to get a well-paid job before graduation.
The monitor of your laptop is quite big.
The only way to see this star is to use the telescope.
In any event, I will go to visit him and see how he's doing.
We have received an anonymous report.
I'm really stupid. I mistakenly thought he loved me, but in fact, he just loves my money.
This accident has a tragically high number of casualties.
The computer broke down after being used for merely a few times.
I can't believe he can be so terribly bad like that.
He was overshadowed by another famous star while attending an activity.
He is just like the moon, visible but unreachable.
The computer is made of poor quality components. It stops working after just one year of usage.
He loves to be flattered. He will be happy if you give him a few praises.
Little Chan, please, help me to buy a pack of Marlboro Mint!
I was having food as usual, when suddenly I received an urgent call from my mother.
How could I remember his phone number?
Do you want to meet on weekdays or on weekends?
It is the best working attitude to treat each and every detail with care.
Seeing them dressed in sackcloths, I guess someone in their family just passed away.
To drink bubble tea, you need a wider drinking straw to suck up the tapioca pearls.
I will stay in the shopping mall to enjoy the air-conditioning. I'm not going home yet.
No matter where you go, you have three servants around you. That sounds enjoyable!
Turns out it's better to work with someone depraved than someone without sense.
He practises more frequently so as to strive for outstanding results.
Reading on the beach on Saturdays really pleases me.
What? He borrowed money from loan sharks?
I prefer cohabiting to marriage.
Would I become dependent on this medication?
Very few doctors visit patients at home nowadays.
Zero Accidents on the Road, Hong Kong's Goal
We ate sorbet after going to the theatre.
Whenever my brother gets on Dad's nerve, he uses me as a human shield.
To have your bones hard and strong, you have to take this pill.
On your mark, get set, go!
Even he stays, his heart isn't in it.
Royal College of Music is famous for classical music.
I bought the tape more than ten years ago.
These tricks can fool a few kids, but not me.
Since typhoon signal is hoisted in the afternoon, I can use this half day off to have a rest from my busy life.
He treats me as a thorn in his side; he doesn't like anything I do.
If you want to cook dried seafood you have to plan ahead. Last time I soaked sea cucumbers for 2 days before cooking them.
I went so far from Hong Kong to Finland but I could not see the Northern Lights.
This cup of coffee smells very strong.
Earlier this day, a traffic accident happened in Mong Kok. It was confirmed that two people were slightly injured.
Can you please sell 200 shares at $13.
We had better know ourselves well.
It turns out that this cellphone model has stopped production before hitting market.
Cases can be roughly categorized into three types.
As a kid you should not make a disapproving face!
Could you all please help and fill in the questionnaire.
Can you please take a photo for us?
A batch of reporters are waiting at the door.
My boyfriend is too nice and kind to every girl around him, which makes me insecure all the time.
From now on, let's live our own lives, please don't invade into my life, and I would not care about your life anymore.
With this insecticide, extermination of the roaches is assured.
The aim is to examine your balancing ability.
Mr./Ms. Wan, with 40-year experience of teaching, has taught many students and earned great respect.
It is safer to use an electric kettle, since they automatically shut off when the water boils.
Headache and fever are symptoms of common cold.
I have a total different standpoint with them, it is a waste of time to discuss.
How wonderful it is to have spa and enjoy such beautiful scenery at the same time!
I got up to the diving platform, preparing to jump into the pool.
He didn't study for the exam. Unsurprisingly, he failed.
These questions should be left for the successor.
There is a tattoo on Fai's leg.
He is now the boss's favourite.
The most determined shall be the winner.
Why are you so depressed lately?
Many children don't know how to tie in a knot in a tie.
I am buying a cake to celebrate my wife's birthday.
The door of his car has been scratched.
(a team arrived at the basketball yard, some teams are playing and waiting) "Excuse me, we have one team to join."
Mum asked me to go home to have soup tonight.
How can you kill your own children? You animal.
The thief pointed a gun at his daughter, threatening him to hand out all his money.
This poem expresses her inner feelings.
Gear up homies! Let's beat up some cops!
It's miserable if one is alone when one is old.
Once you come out of the lift, you will see our reception desk.
Let me have some coffee to wake up for real.
You are using all these gibberish Cantonese "proper" characters in your writing. No one will understand you.
Is he really ill or is he just pretending?
Today I was unlucky at gambling and lost so much money.
The museum is open even on weekends, except public holidays.
She packed all the things efficiently.
My teacher is a financial analyst.
The incubation for this disease can be up to two weeks. We better monitor your situation for a bit longer.
Come back and play again after you pee.
Where's your UFO? Are you on drugs?
The profit margin is so low, you won't earn too much.
You guys are weak. How can you lose in a 3 on 1 fight? And you dare come back to tell me you failed?
You are all besieged. Don't try to revolt and come out to surrender.
After MTR-KCR merger, the interchange has been easier than before.
Starting today, Causeway bay is in my charge!
Normal train service was resumed after 10 minutes.
Is God omniscient, omnipotent and divine?
Eating too much unhealthy food will cause harm to our health.
She was a teacher originally, but she quitted and is now playing with the stock market.
What he has said now comes true.
Could you calmly listen to my explanation first?
The wall is full of graffiti.
The saleable area of this flat is only 200 square feet.
Everyone, please take notice of the gathering time. Don't be late!
You still wanna have a burial in Hong Kong? You must be kidding me. It's nearly impossible.
Kids, come over here and choose your own toys to play with.
The MTR released a video clip that criticises people who carry backpacks.
It is popular to have pig skin in Korean BBQ.
Even if you couldn't finish it, you should give me a reply regardless.
Their relationship is out of the ordinary.
I will help you only if you promise me one thing...
Come on pay day, I am so out of money now.
To be very honest, I do not support you going.
I'd like to apply for residence in the staff hostel, in the purpose to save time from commuting.
This piece of clothing leaves your midriff uncovered.
Some basic moral principles should not be compromised.
Three suspects were arrested by the police.
Where's the USB cable?
We happened to be on the same flight.
The villainous murderer had a long rap sheet.
The Tourbillon was invented by Abraham-Louis Breguet and patented in 1801.
He still dozes off even punished and assigned a front seat in the classroom by the teacher.
Behave well after imprisonment.
You finished four bowls of rice yourself. You'll be stuffed.
Ha. Anybody who competes with him would be in trouble.
I really miss my hometown.
He lives in an extremely quiet place.
I owe you a dinner. You have my word.
It's safer too use the main road at night.
We have to probe the adversaries' background details in order to win every time.
It's fabulous having the chance to cut and tie the umbilical cord of my own daughter.
When you go to that area, you will see the salon that I mentioned.
Passengers holding a monthly ticket are permitted to take unlimited rides on "North Point  Kowloon City" and "North Point  Hung Hom" services.
This piece of steak is not up to standard. It's still ice cold in the inside!
This article is precisely and concisely written. Read a few more times if you have time.
Remember to take the deed of the house to the law firm to complete the formalities.
After mutating, this virus became infectious.
The waist is too tight, it doesn't fit on me.
I was so silly and naive by that time.
Why are you staring at me with such a sly smile?
It's a small courtesy, not a show of respect.
I can tell that he's really into this matter.
Shit! How did he get promoted? He does not deserve that position at all.
Privately they thought his proposal laughable.
Those who delay to register at the marshal according to the roll call time will be regarded as withdrawal from the competition.
I didn't expect to play against my senior in the first game.
I just randomly picked some oranges. I don't know if they are good or not.
There isn't enough room in my kitchen to install a dishwasher.
I have a strong passion to do research on historical sites.
He practises his kungfu in the park every day.
Hong Kong's chicks love sashimi.
I was in a game, almost won, and the connection dropped.
There aren't enough participants in this event, please help us ask more people to join.
If you encounter strange problems, you can ask for his advice.
Mum, the teacher chose my writing as the students' sample. Ain't I smart?
No less than five thousand people participated in the demonstration.
May I have take-away sandwiches, please?
The food sold in fast food shops isn't healthy.
What he's saying is basically total nonsense.
As I did not manage to catch up with the last chance to see my grandpa, I felt so regretful.
I go to church to attend the mass on Sunday.
He is always there complaining, saying he has too much work to do.
You say you want to join the dancing competition while you're so clumsy? Come on!
Don't put on a long face all the time.
She showed her teeth and laughed happily.
He is still so nave for his age.
The party last night didn't go well, like, at all.
Many think that domestic violence is a 'family matter', and therefore they would not report to the police even if they witnessed it.
I wish I could share with you my deepest secrets one by one.
Illegal modifications of vehicles can be dangerous.
Any sis will also go to this event?
We use the freshest food ingredients.
Including Christmas and New Years, there are 10 days of vacation altogether.
This Red Delicious from the USA costs $10.
He dresses to kill today.
The sum of two positive integers is 20; find the maximum value of the product of the two numbers.
Chief officials avoided responding for several times.
Trophies? Oh, come on, I've got some too.
Indian muntjacs in Hong Kong are often misidentified as Reeve's muntjacs.
He told me clearly that he wouldn't come to the ball.
Remember to go all out and don't pull your punches.
The park is equipped with different entertainment facilities.
If you're going to the cocktail party, don't just stand in a corner, go and socialize with others.
It would be great if I could live in the Mid-Levels.
Stop being naughty. You're making me dead!
Because of the long-lasting "Chinese-based" concept, many reference books about Cantonese only include differences between Cantonese and Chinese.
I beg you to part with your beloved disc and sell to me, please.
The fire today burned a hectare of forest.
The park is filled with different kinds of plants.
I've been chased by a bear and almost lost my life.
Don't argue with those uncivilized people.
He dashed forward like an arrow.
You are not a doctor after all. Even if you were, it's too late to save the woman's life!
Please post the letter as you are going out.
You  are so busy but you still come to visit us, you really have a heart!
As a civil servant, you have to consider the citizen's rights and interests.
Stop having these unrealistic hopes.
The things sold in this shopping mall are very trendy.
There has been a five-percent increase in property prices.
This YouTube Channel shows how to restore old rusty toys.
I finally got accepted into my favourite university. It's a dream come true.
He is very unsophisticated, so don't blame him.
Mount Sakurajima erupts, lava is ejected to 1km away.
I bought a magazine to amuse myself while I was in hospital so that I wouldn't be so bored.
Frankly speaking, I don't really like him.
It takes two to tango. Your former boyfriend broke up with you. After all, you two didn't love each other that much.
I am bad at mathematics. Please be lenient with me.
The beverages tonight are sponsored by the Coca-Cola Company.
She is beautiful, but then she doesn't even know how to do photocopy. She is just a bimbo.
The tourism-led recovery is spreading to other sectors of the economy.
The company has made remarkable achievements, thanks to the hardworking and responsible employees.
Have kids soon, two within three years!
During wartime, inhumane tragedies are almost inevitable.
I had a fight with my girlfriend. Can I crash at your place tonight?
You're pouting at me with disdain! You must wanna be beaten, right?
I didn't expect to have a romantic encounter during this trip.
The ordinance will be gazatted tomorrow.
When he was sent to the hospital, he was already close to death.
During the epidemic, the mass often use alcohol-based handrub, soap and hand sanitizer that increases the chance of suffering contact dermatitis.
You are very petite, but indeed are unexpectedly helpful.
After the closing of Jusco in Lok Fu, I seldom go to there.
Kids these days are really multitalented. Violin players, ballet dancers and whatnot. Heck, they're even fluent in Cantonese, Putonghua, and English. It's insane.
I'm immune to your dad jokes.
This place is remotely located and has very attractive scenery.
He has a heart disease, don't provoke him.
I could tell from his bewildered expression that he was lost.
He is said to be the best male singer in Hong Kong after Eason Chan.
There is much more fun to take a self-guided tour for Tokyo. How come you prefer those boring package tours?
How can I know what you're thinking if you don't tell me?
You are having a blush on your face, are you trying to chase Bobo?
Zhang Xu in the Tang Dynasty was well known for his wild cursive script.
Don't bawl at him like a dog!
Will you go to the coming inter-school ball?
The ever-changing education system has left teachers, parents and students at a loss as for what to do.
You seemed to be sleep deprived. Why are your under-eye bags so obvious?
Strawberry is a type of berries.
She always complains about welfare and discrimination in Hong Kong. Even so, she never has the intention to leave.
"To Be Number One" portrays a Hong Kong drug lord in the 60s and 70s.
Young women usually don't appreciate my talent.
In light of the favourable conditions, the Financial Secretary has revised upward his forecast of Hong Kong's economic growth.
The pants are too loose. I have to keep pulling up my pants while walking.
The funds raised this year will be used to subsidise the centre's elderly service.
In the words of Deng Xiaoping : 'It doesn't matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice.'
That singer left the music industry at the prime of her career.
My face turns red when I am angry.
Chief Executive meets with Kazakhstani PM
He can hold ten cups at a time.
A batch of negative comments keep emerging suddenly.
You are doing the things obtrusively. No wonder everyone knows about it.
Can you help me lift the bag for a while? Thanks.
When I first met her, she kept her head down and didn't speak a word. She was so shy.
Wearing contact lens excessively may harm your eyes.
Freshly baked egg tart with stocking-filtered milk tea! What a perfect afternoon tea!
Why does the government nowadays often hire scumbags as high rank officials? They all look crafty and unreliable, even worse than thieves.
You should inhale then exhale when you take a deep breath.
There are more and more small flats sold in the private housing market, with only the size of a parking space.
I've been going around these few years. Now I'm planning to go back to Hong Kong and settle down.
The shop is having a summer sale. Things are really cheap.
I've just watched a horror film. I was scared that my heart was pounding.
This is the only supermarket on this island, and it is the monopoly here.
This old lady comes over for coffee every day.
He concealed from his wife that he has a lover in Europe.
He doesn't have any friends because he doesn't socialise.
Don't look down upon yourself - in fact, your writing is not bad at all.
Shops that are located at the corner of two roads are more popular.
She is puckering! You can tell that she is obviously dissatisfied.
Market is popular, lots of younger people hold a booth.
She looks absent-minded, is she alright?
We have feelings, after all. It is usual that we miss them somewhat.
Don't always eat in front of the TV. It harms your health.
"Wrongs have origins and debts have debtors". As for that problem, you should go ask for A-lung to pay. Leave his friends alone.
This year, the total income of our family is one million.
I will try my best to render a service to our football team.
The dress is in free size. It doesn't has large size.
Rumours said this company would change its owner.
Giants always appear in myth.
Mr. Chan, a lawyer, is ranked second in the candidates' list.
I feel a lot more confident after getting this award.
This restaurant serves dishes that are so small that the bits are gone by the time they reach the stomach.
He buys up run-down properties, fixes them up and has them resold.
He clad himself with multiple jackets and blouses, to the point that he looked like a reverse snowman.
Her parents are strict with her, and do not allow her to go out at night.
this guy can't pay for the meal so he is throwing tantrums around !
Some property developers have been making their moves in old districts in recent years, owning a number of industrial buildings and revitalising them gradually.
I can predict the beginning of the story but not its ending.
When will the goods arrive? Give me a date.
Nathan road is the busiest street of Kowloon.
That river's smell is more unpleasant than a smelly toilet's.
I dread to think the way they say about me behind my back.
I've thought of what I should buy for souvenirs.
[ChatGPT]You don't have a speech impediment, why are you speaking so hesitantly?
The scene of the crime is bloody. That's gross!
I will be a bit late. Haven't got on the bus yet.
He was sentenced to jail because he made a deal with someone privately rather than in accordance with the legal procedures while handling purchasing matters.
There is a thin line between love and hate.
His analysis turns out to be very accurate every time. To investors, he is a lighthouse in the stock market.
A-chung went to live in a university dorm, and ended up sent to the hospital after some orientation games.
Safety measures must be all adequately adhered to.
He looks so untamed, don't fantasize him as some kind of sweet nice boyfriend.
We were tired so we chose a cafe by chance to sit down.
We should never treat the colored as enemies.
Trees need to absorb nutrients for their growth.
Only those with courage can join this game.
The man was heavily indebted to bookmakers.
The government requests the owners of the buildings to remove asbestos roofing.
I've been sick for several days, and the coughing still hasn't stopped.
The "Buddhist" way to buy the first apartment is to be content without saving any money. When good luck comes, you will get your apartment.
Don't look down on that old man for his age. In fact he is quick-thinking and knowledgeable, you can hardly cheat him a bit.
The police raided on three nightclubs last night.
Whenever it's the first and the fifteenth of the lunar month, my mother goes vegetarian for the day.
There's free lunch, don't miss it!
Reading out passages frequently can make you speak clearer.
A fire station is beside my home.
Stop talking, and pay attention in class.
Lavatories in this shopping mall are clean and hygienic.
If I don't live for myself, who else can I live for?
Even though you think she's pretty, you shouldn't have an inordinate desire towards her.
The Starry Night is the signature piece of Van Gogh.
This method seems feasible. Let's just have a try.
Don't mess up anymore. Get out if you don't know anything about my job.
There are some cheaper choice here.
There are stacks of clothes already, why are you still buying?
Do you accept credit card?
Sushi origins from south east Asia, and Japan is where it becomes popular worldwide.
The topic can be extended into an ethical issue.
Keep walking ahead, turn right at the traffic lights, and walk 100 metres more to get there.
Look, the wild grass at the hill's side is growing rampantly.
Learning should start from the base.
Instead of complaining about others, you should reflect more on yourself.
He thinks the job is too exhausting, so he quit it.
The expiring dates for cake coupons are usually quite long and for some there is none.
Before 1997, Hong Kong was governed by the British.
The ground is bumpy. Be careful.
Please enjoy the dishes on the table.
This feeling cannot be described in words.
You have screen captured his photos and put it on the Internet, then certainly he knows.
Do you know how to read numbered notation to play the piano?
ATV cannot renew their license. Things cannot get any worse for them.
The football player startle people with his brilliant skill in this match.
I don't want to see old women in red.
My classmate in secondary school has registered for three to four orientation camps.
When I looked at her face I knew that she's in a bad mood today.
Please pass the money on to my mom.
Man stands dangerously on rooftop for over half an hour.
Hangzhou's scenery is bright and beautiful, it makes people enjoy themselves so much as to forget to go home.
He has a longer time of service and has more experience.
How come the lens are so bad? How can I take good photos when the view is so blurred?
There's no signal. Is the line hooked up?
The HK LegCo is formed by 70 legislators.
His family take his achievement as an honour to them.
She's already coming to death! For what does she compete for awards?
I finally found my passport after a day of searching. What a relief!
Both the U.K. and the U.S. are English-speaking countries.
Bus routes with "something-something-M" as the route number always stop at the metro station.
This patient had a rather bad-looking chest X-ray, with negative cultures, could it be a case of viral pneumonia?
[ChatGPT]You're lazy and want him to help you, that's being too lazy. Being too lazy leads to a high threshold.
Would any bro tell me how to mount this component?
This negative film is overexposed and may not be able to print out good photos.
Tonight we haven't bought any extra dishes. I hope you don't mind our simple and plain food.
"I will buy everyone dinner the next time." "You said it several times before. You never keep your words."
Impinging on freedom of speech will bring about chilling consequences.
It really takes a long time for you to realize that they are on a date.
The money is nearly in our grasp. We mustn't let him get any at all.
We have to carry through our ideals!
Please be careful and don't leave troubles for me.
There's no way he didn't know that we are discussing him, you were so loud just now.
"Chicken tongues" are usually more expensive than Kwai Mei.
Doctors and nurses drew lots to decide who would have to work in isolation wards.
[ChatGPT]After deducting taxes, I bought some stocks so I won't miss out on dividends.
There are lots of Lingnan-style gardens in Hong Kong and Guangdong.
I was suffering from back pain recently. Can you help rub my back please?
After losing his original job, he earns his living by doing a part-time job, but his income falls short of expenditure every month.
The army invaded and plundered the city.
The co-organizer of this sports day is LCSD.
Yesterday I strained my neck and went to the hospital. I'm not going to be able to play basketball with y'all tomorrow.
Honey water is a remedy for coughs and sore throats.
Can you please give me another knife?
Why do you lay your head down? Are you unhappy?
There is so much food left, let's take a doggy bag and bring them home.
He is always the first to arrive at the office.
It was a common practice to order mooncakes by instalment payment in advance so as to reduce the burden of purchasing mooncakes once and for all.
If you want to cool down in the summer, you must turn on the air-conditioner.
Forming exclusive groups online gets you nowhere; you would only hear comments from people who agree with you.
This movie has a touching ending.
Collusion between officials and businessmen would severely harm the government's credibility.
Mr. Chan also taught me last year.
The rice weevils are growing from the rice, we need to eat up the rice as soon as possible.
You obviously stole it, but you still insist that you didn't do it!
They now fall behind by ten-something marks; they'll definitely lose.
You can go to mainland China through Lok Ma Chau.
The food quality in here reaches the standard.
Dongpo Buddhist Householder is the pseudonym of Su Shi.
Today the stock was three folded, the money grew from $10,000 to $30,000.
Two young lamas from Sichuan attempted to make a nuisance of themselves at a Tibetan Buddhist monastery yesterday, but fortunately they were saved from death.
A: "You play so frigg'n poorly, Prince of Badminton!" B: "What? I'm just letting you win intentionally. I usually play much better than that!"
The kid quickly loses interest in his new toy.
Can you buy me a box of panadol from the pharmacy?
The students decided to go on strike against the rise on tuition fees.
You don't have a family relationship, why are you helping him so much?
It's time for us to gather! Let's go to the hall now!
After she resigned, she wrote a very long letter to the boss in order to vent her piled-up grievances in these years.
We always chat during lunch hour.
Chang'e's going to the moon is a folk legend in China.
Sometimes, it's not easy to backtrack once something has happened.
I saw this example in the book.
What dirty tricks are you playing this time?
My office has accumulated a lot of documents. It's time to tidy it up.
The phone is ringing. Please go and pick it up.
I am familiar with most of the guests in this wedding banquet.
The Observatory announced that the typhoon signal number would be issued at six. Everyone should go home early.
Stop procrastinating, the deadline's tomorrow. Let's do our thing or else we will both fail this class.
Any recommendation on smartphone apps?
He works as the manager only in title. In fact he does not have the authority.
At what age is one suitable to talk about love and romance?
Would you please take this book to him?
It is a custom to burn the joss paper in the streets for ghosts.
We hired a foreign domestic helper. But mum has cultural difference with her, and thus can hardly communicate.
The boss trusts his ability and keeps assigning important tasks to him.
This baby is chubby and laughs always, everyone loves it.
A BBQ pork and chicken rice take away with additional rice please !
He acknowledged his mistakes in public.
This nursery school seems quite good.
Many teenagers enjoy the excitement of roller coaster rides.
Bargaining is common in business appointments.
Since he split up with his ex-lover, he has found solace in the bottle.
We've got all the eye witnesses and evidences, now you can clean your butt and prepare for imprisonment!
You will die! Don't dare to do that!
No one can answer the first question of the paper.
Just now, the instructor punished A-chung by making him run ten laps at the training ground. Result? A-chung was so weak he fainted halfway through.
Rabies is a disease with a 100% mortality rate. It can be prevented but cannot be cured. Contracting the disease is basically the same as having a death sentence.
The Roman army completely defeated Carthage in this battle.
I don't have a scanner at home, so I can't give you a copy right now.
The food of this restaurant is very tasty.
As the audience requested, the band performed two more songs.
I really do love Chinese style roast pork the most.
Please remove a chicken from the freezer to defrost it.
The cable car of Ocean Park has a long history.
Traffic accidents happened separately in Shatin and Tai Po in the wee hours of the night.
The government intends to implement this policy comprehensively.
I mean, Cantonese and Mandarin are really two types of languages.
His concert will be broadcast on TV later.
My grandpa and dad lived long. Both of them lived up to ninety years old.
Your clothes are wet. Get changed quickly!
He's been in the bathroom a long ass time now. No idea what the hell he's doing in there.
I have to print out several notes.
I love him so much, but I dare not reveal my true feelings for him.
It's boiling today, everyone sweats so much.
Watch out for this manager. He is a smiling tiger.
There will be changes in our schedule tomorrow.
The mutated strain of the virus is deadly.
I'm too scared that I can't help shivering.
She negotiated with a triad boss.
Don't get tricked by the question.
Lands in southern China are fertile and suitable for planting rice.
I have won the lottery, my prospects must be bright from then on.
When wearing a polo shirt, he loves upturning the collar because he thinks this is more fashionable.
I don't need a lot of money. I just want to live a life of fulfilled basic needs.
The Qing dynasty fell in 1912.
She is going to move to Japan.
The paper is in the folders.
The police has set up a road block in Tuen Mun Road.
I have tried different types of jobs.
Stopping at slogan-chanting in public demonstrations is merely worthless lip service.
They will have four music concerts, and the tickets are nearly sold out.
What is the use of this form?
The 14th day of the 7th lunar month is the Chinese Ghost Festival.
I didn't have an invitation card, I just tried to sneak in.
His two key goals in the second half of the match reversed the result.
Math is the big challenge in my life.
We walk all day long, and now my legs go all weak.
The beancurd pudding has too much brown sugar in it and it's become orange yellow in colour.
Freestyle is the most comfortable among the four swimming styles.
It's very cold. I have to wear a pair of socks even indoors.
Lei Yue Mun developed from a fishing village into a place well-known for seafood.
Most plants rely on seeds to reproduce.
My children have all grown up. They all got married and have their own families now.
She is going to perform a violin solo.
I often see the firemen playing volleyball in the fire station.
The bed sheet is stained with menstrual blood.
Why do I still have part time job after I get off? I have no other alternative, as I have my little kids and young wife to take care of.
I've had that experience. I can understand the same confusion.
Aesthetics studies the criteria of aesthetics.
He went so far as to lift his shirt and display the wound on his stomach.
While playing on the roundabout at the playground when I was small, I was thrown out, and I hurt my chin so badly I had to get stitched up at the hospital.
Winning is not the most important thing in playing sports. It's sportsmanship, that is, never give up.
Hundreds fell victim to expired concert ticket fraud.
He's very troublesome. If you make a small mistake, he will hold onto it and not let it go.
The teacher requests to meet the parent for the misconduct of the student.
This gift is a little token of my regards.
He is really sophisticated. You can learn a lot of social skills if you work with him.
There are no immediate plans to open Lo Wu's border crossing around the clock
The stream is so clear that it reflects the green grass growing alongside it.
When you start to work, you must take good care of yourself. Don't be lured down the wrong path.
Neither side won the match. Let's call it a draw!
It's very easy to cause a car crash if your car gets too close to the car ahead.
I have a very superficial knowledge of this field.
Cup noodles are Keung's favorite supper.
Toilet paper can be flushed into the toilet.
Free pricing is trendy. You can pay however much you want.
All troops advance 5 kilometres!
My wife is driving me crazy.
He's thirty years old, at most.
You should say something nice when asking someone for a favour.
If I attend each court session, do you think I'll still have time to work?
Coffee, milk tea, lemon tea, etc. We serve all these common drinks here.
Let's go for a sauna tonight.
The existence of God is not a substantial being but rather a spiritual being.
Can you pour me a glass of water? Thanks.
After diagnosis and treatment, he has recovered from his illness.
Drinking machines have been installed on each floor of the building.
Those two gangs was fighting for territory, and is now having a reconciliation dinner in that restaurant.
[ChatGPT]This movie is really thrilling!
That dictionary is ordered according to the number of strokes of the Chinese characters.
to examine one's palm print to predict his/her fate
My son is naughty. He always makes me angry.
This company offers very good terms.
to help new arrivals integrate into the community
Their breakup was out of the blue, let me find out what happened.
A set of BBQ pork and chicken with less rice to go, please!
Last Saturday, I went shopping as usual.
It's one of the nicest things in life that happened to me to have you as a colleague.
I do feel that I am trash.
Beware, they act like experts speaking some jargon, but in fact they're only a gang of swindlers and their aim is to take all your money!
He is a gentle person and a good father.
[ChatGPT]You lazy ass, you're never proactive when it comes to work, but when there's good food you're always the first one to rush over and eat!
What does the thermometer read?
To meet the needs of the market, the company is trying to develop more and varied services.
The thief was holding a gun! How come you were so daring facing him?
Being a volunteer is really fun. Hope everyone will join.
Foxes are a kind of carnivorous animals.
He was found right in the act by his wife that he cheated on her.
He won't take such trifles to heart.
You broke up my family -- I swear I will take revenge!
The most important thing when you get lost is to keep calm and stay where you are.
If your son and my daughter get married, yours and my family will be of kinship.
You do this thing are you not afraid of your girl friend's complain ?
That horror movie is terrifying for even ghosts. A-chung was so scared he wet himself halfway through watching it.
I never buy gossip magazines.
If you'd like to treat me to a meal, then of course I don't mind.
If you go away, the seat will be occupied.
This book has influenced my thoughts towards life.
Association football is round. American football is elliptical.
What do you think should we do?
You need quite some time before you can finish.
He just left a minute ago, didn't you run across him?
I tried speaking to her, but she didn't respond.
Will frequent snaps cause wearing of joints?
The transmission station is just like a ball! What if it rolls down the hill?
The hazards of third-hand smoke are often neglected.
To deal with the extra orders, the workers need to work day and night.
We seldom find ladies wearing cheongsam nowadays.
Winter is coming. Of course a campfire will lead to a nice vibe in camping.
He burnt his arm with splashing oil when he was cooking.
You would feel really unstrained when you live alone.
Why would you ride the roller coaster? You could get a heart attack!
No matter how sharp a knife is, one day it will become rusty.
I am as moody as a firecracker these days, don't provoke me.
We were originally thinking about going to Japan, but in the end we went to Korea.
I want the fringe to be trimmed evenly.
It is a grand goal to compose the first online Cantonese dictionary.
Mr. Chan passed away this morning, aged 60.
You can talk freely and delightfully here.
Most Hong Kongers have been to mainland China before.
Once upon a time, there was a pretty princess.
This's a dad joke, why you are laughing?
It is best for parents to behave themselves well in order to teach children.
She is a cheerful person. Without her our lives would be very boring.
This vehicle was manufactured in 1995.
She's a very busy person. Of course she's not free to answer your calls.
Those with G6PD cannot eat broad beans.
My right eyelid just twitched; it has to be a bad sign.
She is a lady from a well-off family, she wouldn't want to do these kinds of hard labourious work!
How could you handle two jobs with such physique?
Isn't death growl too noisy?
It is fine to donate some money for worship as much as you like.
What sort of drug have you had him taken to make him fall for you?
He will never be distracted when he is working.
I haven't had my meal yet, I feel so hungry now.
Why are you so frightened? Are you afraid of being found out?
Wendy is an accountant with a delicate mind. She has been overseeing all the accounts in the corporation for ten years without any problem.
He is deeply in love with interests and will do anything for it.
The first systematic book on geometry is Euclid's elements.
I want to tell you a story about dinosaurs.
On the basis of common sense, he won't hurt his own children.
The complexity of the design of this structure is an impressive testament to the skill of architecture.
She sits between her father and brother.
The traffic was smooth after we got on the highway, and we arrived in half an hour.
The baby girl is not mine, I just help my friend look after it.
The oral exam is coming soon. I must practise my English to get through.
He wrote a few songs for his new album.
After hearing his words for some time, I think the deal is a fake.
It was funny and annoying when he volunteered to sing on stage even though he could not sing.
Couples usually give Chinese cake coupons to relatives and Western cake coupons to friends.
I beg you, don't yell again! You don't have any serious matter to bother.
The company needs to lower its costs.
Protect Mother Nature and and prevent hill fires.
I haven't had enough sleep and my eyes are sore and dry.
I am already thirty years old. How can I ask my parents for money.
I like sitting at the shore to watch the sunset.
Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia are collectively known as the Baltic States.
Ah-hung has been doing nothing since graduation.
Facing comprehensive threats from the power, how should we behave ourselves?
A-Chun's skills in playing chess is totally incomparable with hers. There's no way he can beat her.
In the hundred years since its foundation, this university has brought success to a number of talents.
When we just moved in, there was no MTR here.
[ChatGPT]It's really unfair for you to be asked to be a clerk after getting a PhD.
You can't grow pretty flowers if you don't apply fertilizer to the soil.
These cookies are so sweet that I don't want to eat any more after having just two.
Working for so many days, I have finally finished the assignment.
Losing all sense of morality, engaging in illegal activities and using dirty tricks. In my opinion, they're all dogs!
We are all assembling at the pier and get ready for the protests.
Trust me, he's not the one you're looking for. Everyone knows he's a playboy.
There is an envelope on the desk of my boss.
Touch wood! It'll be fine!
Cells carry out division on their own to create more of themselves.
Can you take the cleaver to me for chopping something?
We have covered many miles today. Let's get some rest in this hotel tonight.
Many Mexicans try to sneak into America to earn a living by digging tunnels.
"Struggle" the landowners! Down with the anti-revolutionaries!
I go jogging from time to time.
The marathon had to be cancelled due to the bad weather.
Taking a ride from Yuen Long to Shau Kei Wan needs more than one hour.
I ordered some magazines by mail a few days ago.
Polish your shoes before the interview. A pair of shiny shoes can leave people a positive impression.
I've met him in the university for a few times.
He only cares about playing once the summer holiday starts that all the summer exercises have been put aside.
This document includes the daily operation of our company.
You losers better fuck off and not interfere with our business.
Do you have time to play mahjong tonight?
When it comes to appearance, I beat her by a mile.
Her only son died in an accident and made her completely hopeless.
Do you know the phone number of Miss Chow?
When you worked as an assistant to car driver in the filming industry in the past,  you had to not only pick up the actors, but also deliver notices.
How good was the movie? Not too good, not too bad.
Citizens voluntarily collect anti-epidemic materials to distribute them to residents in need in the district.
The factory has emitted a large amount of pollutants.
Watson, you manage to see past the blind spot again, this case is moving forward.
I forgot to get off. I don't know how to go back now.
Some countries were against the Kyoto protocol, for example, the United States.
Why don't you wrap up things nicely and finish your homework?
I emailed you a file a minute ago. Can you check to see if you got it?
Often the school's most hostile person is not the teachers, not the principal, but the people working in the school office.
Biofuels have become one of the heated research subjects.
The largest country in the world is Russia.
Wah has a rather boyish character, so many boys like making friends with her.
You can win the teacher in the battle, bravo!
I don't have much confidence in my performance this time.
Cars on the streets come and go.
Unless you apologise, otherwise I would not forgive you.
The head of the department next door is really bossy. Some of his subordinates couldn't stand him and quit.
The target customers of our company are mainly youngsters.
We are finding new business opportunities outside of tourism.
studying past exam papers
Looking back on those days, I feel that I've accomplished nothing.
I think this saying is not reasonable.
With inflation, the price of a magnetic tape drive in 1980 is equivalent to that of a PlayStation 4 today.
One side of your glasses is higher than the other. They look asymmetric.
This girl, I assure you, you'll like her.
He's very kind; if you DM him a task, he'll always reply.
They go to flat visits every Sunday.
Let me fax you the draft so that you can take a look.
The most important thing for making friends is to be sincere.
In Tsim Sha Tsui, tourists can be seen everywhere.
It's very late now, it's time for me to leave.
Many people wear shorts, but why, when you do, are you like a shabby, middle-aged man?
He is lost in the beautiful sound of the piano.
All the files on the computer got deleted!
This software is too new to be compatible with your operation system.
The factory closed down, so many of the workers lost their jobs.
The economy is weak and the unemployment rate is high. The Hong Kong society is filled with a sentiment of discontent.
It is indecent not to reciprocate. Since you insist on going against me, I will fight you to the end.
All the girls in my class are very tall.
Arnold suffers from dyslexia, so he often writes the letter upside down.
I can't get the charcoal-grilled egg waffles from that shop out of my mind. I really wish for a chance to try it again.
The food here is so-so.
I am inexperienced in cooking Japanese dishes.
It's you who can't do it well, don't blame others!
Unexpectedly he did not get defeated by the champion last year. He even won by a wide margin.
You can choose a licensed or parallel import version; the parallel one saves you 300 bucks.
If you have lost your ID card, you should report it as soon as possible.
The design doesn't seem to be done seriously. Can you make some changes to it?
Reusable bags can be used as a substitute for plastic bags.
My sister was forced to learn ballet by Mum.
[ChatGPT]If your friend said two wrong things to you, do you really have to fire back with ten? That's so petty.
Hey you rascal, why don't I see you around recently ? Where did you go to look for money in these days ?
This fatboy is short and stout, just like a winter melon.
Notorious for taking advantage of his relatives and friends, he has nearly lost all of them.
She wants her son to be a doctor when he grows up.
I will absolutely go, no matter how far.
She messed up the plan and now I have to deal with all the problems. How annoying.
I am bored to death by how lame this teacher is.
If one drew 3 six in a row, all of his chess need to go back to the beginning to start over (a rule of Aeroplane Chess)
We need time for consideration regarding cooperation with other institutions to publish the special issue.
The flat's deal price in 1970 was 100000 dollars.
The number cannot be reached at the moment. Please call again later.
He set aside this room to be his personal study.
This year, there are 50 members in the choir.
An earthquake of Richter scale 5.7 occurred in southern Taiwan.
Who you are deserves what jewellery you wear.
She knows my dark secret and blackmailed me for million dollars.
Today is my first day of work. Nice to meet you and I hope to learn a lot from you.
The amount of taxes he pay is equal to my yearly income.
During the Qing Dynasty, many people were addicted to opium.
I was quite saddened when I heard about that news.
The fire disaster killed my family.
He dresses like a PLA member every time when playing wargame.
The whole office fell silent when he revealed his job title.
Even if you shout yourself hoarse, no one will come to your rescue.
Your table is so messy, when will you tidy it up?
In this flagging economy, the development plans have ground to halt.
Caring too much about his pronunciation, he did not notice that his spittle was flying from his lips.
I'm now chatting with a few friends on Whatsapp at the same time, and may not be able to reply to your message.
If you don't understand the text, you should read the notes.
There are some middle-aged men staring at a shota who just left the school. Should we call the police?
You should not overestimate him. He is just a mediocre person.
After having had a hot bath, the whole bathroom is filling with mist.
I can feel the warmth among humankind.
The race car ran like the wind on the runway.
I would like to know about the application of cash payout to residents.
You have been on toilet for the whole day, clogged pipes?
Kung Hei Fat Choi! Where're my red pockets?
He tried to justify himself for his wrongdoing.
It's so hot today, making me completely sweaty.
The fridge is divided into two horizontal layers.
I would rather be killed than captured.
I have a warm family.
After being hit by a car, he lost all his memories.
He did that because of his own benefit.
I met with a friend whom I haven't seen for ages.
He was beaten by a gang of criminals outside the nightclub.
I promise I will finish this proposal by the next morning.
The stock market bounced from the minimum point today.
If you didn't say anything then I regarded that you let the matter be. Don't mention it anymore.
A pound of chicken wings please.
Children shouldn't interrupt when adults are talking.
The results are very close. The lowest and the highest are only several marks apart.
Children like to watch cartoons.
Some film reviews say that "Age of Adaline" is similar to "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".
Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Singapore are called the "Four Asian Dragons".
Ming has made a good move! His promotion plan was a great success, the products were all sold out.
So what do you want so as to forgive me?
I'm going to collect my son from school now.
Mei-mei was born with visual impairment.
Put some salt into the soup. Serve after stirring and mixing evenly.
This is the first time I have set foot in Europe.
Why do you always wear dark clothes?
I can't observe the closed session of the meeting.
She is so agitated now, she won't listen to anybody at all.
Heritage and innovation are the success factors of an enterprise.
That guy is such a spineless coward, he even sold out his brothers!
She looks so cute. How can one be angry at her?
When you die, that's it. / There is nothing beyond death.
In the nineteenth century, many were sold as slave labours to do mining work.
She was told by a doctor earlier to have depression, and she needs to take medications and see a psychologist.
The factory was piled with a lot of inflammable goods.
If the situation is really so bad, I let you see my death.
After his retirement, Professor Wong still occasionally gives lectures at other universities.
He is a man who never departs from his word, and he does what he has promised.
It's a privilege to serve such a distinguished rummy as you.
This column supports the whole roof.
The reasons behind have been mentioned in the paragraphs above as well.
This city has a high degree of culture.
Integrity and reputation are of great importance to businessmen.
I will stay at home and won't be out with you guys.
He did a lot of bad things during his life.
The mission of rescue teams is to protect the community in times of need.
We don't hire people who love dragging their heels.
Lots of temples in Japan that are beautiful.
The car runs into the barrier and turns upside down.
Change your clothes, or else you will get a cold.
An ant has crawled on your hand.
You live so far away, it must cost a lot for round trip every day.
The water's hot. Don't burn your tongue.
There are only four interrogative sentences in the lyrics.
Please add the value of the Octopus card for me, thanks.
The supervisor has consulted others about this project.
Where are we going for dinner tonight? You decide!
Ah Yi is working as a part-time waitress in a Western restaurant. Tips are in her hand.
What? I need to fill in again? You'd better refer to my CV.
A nerd feels happier to be left alone, needs no fucking explanation. (adapted from lyrics)
She was first a part-time model.
Pregnant and so clumsy, you shouldn't go here and there all the time - ask your maid to do it for you.
The best moment for us to escape is when everyone is asleep after midnight.
I suspect they only reduced the requirements upon accepting a bribe.
Please mind the gap between the platform and the train.
There are many native people in the mountainous regions.
You dress up so well today, where are you going?
Many people with broad perspective and insight disagreed with the government's plan to build the third airport runway.
Lately gran-gran's eye has gotten a lot worse; she has just 30% of her vision left.
Help me open the door for better ventilation.
These egg tarts are yummy. Everyone would like them.
It's him who made the company suffered millions of loss. How come you don't get him held responsible?
From the beginning of construction to its completion, this project took five years in total.
Eating mooncakes during the mid-autumn festival is a traditional activity.
[ChatGPT]It's great to buy groceries at the market, the meat and vegetables are good. When you buy a pound, the seller will give you a full pound, so it's called "sufficient weight".
Effective from today, Mr. Chan administers the entire logistics department.
The Chinese steamed egg is done too watery and shouldn't be served.
Employees clicking on malicious links or using weak passwords are some of the ways that hackers have been able to gain access to companies' data.
Oh what are the chances of bumping into you.
He's just had a little doze on the sofa.
My phone battery runs out fast so bringing external chargers when I go out is a must.
Those chicks are queuing up outside in their tight short dresses.
He can dribble the ball like nobody else in the game.
I have no idea how to get along with my significant other.
The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
I'm not dating her! Stop this bullshit.
Ting Kau Bridge is the first major 4-span cable-stayed bridge.
Hey man, I am going through some lean times, can you help me out with some small loans?
He has no other option but to earn his living as a criminal.
Eat less, enjoy more. Eat more, open the toilet door.
It's this jerk again playing tricks.
She affectionately leans on his boyfriend.
You've just failed once, don't be sad.
Can you see the shape of Dorina's nipples on her tank top? Surely she is bra-less today.
You are still unemployed in your thirties and only play video games at home, all the rice has been wasted on you.
People who like watching Japanese anime would usually like buying character figures.
My vision's started to get blurry recently.
I have no idea how to deal with it.
He suddenly disappeared.
This transfer is a reassignment of personnel.
Tai Po Industrial Estate is the first industrial estate in Hong Kong.
You are having three jobs at the same time, do you think you are superman?
They managed to lost such a large piece of cargo in transit? I am at a loss for words.
Pluto was downgraded to a dwarf planet.
Just one hundred push-ups, easy job.
You were too straightforward. Next time you should say that with tact to the customers.
People having high social status are joining the banquet tonight.
There's something on the ECG. Need to do another one?
Since you don't love me anymore, let's break up. From now on we'll each go our own way and stop seeing each other!
After the defeat in the Battle of Red Cliffs, Caocao arrived at the Huarong Trail.
Put your hands and legs down and don't move around.
Morphemes are not equal to words, as not all morphemes can be independently used. For instance we cannot say "one eme" or "a common eme".
Many says Traditional Chinese Medicine is devoid of side effects, is that real?
This company makes money with strong core business, not with publicity work.
The escort at the gentleman's club was very passionate with me, so I took her out of the club and went back to our hotel room for a second round.
He's a total jerk! Everyone, remember his face and beat him to a pulp if you see him!
How will a tycoon like him know about small flies like us?
The most important duty of a vicar is preaching.
You've made a point precisely and concisely! Why don't I ask Ming to date her straight? They know each other!
Would you like your steak rare, medium, or well-done?
If you really suggest everyone could cast their own vote for candidates they prefer and elect them representatives, you won't bother to ask people to vote for you even they are reluctant.
To bail the market with foreign reserve is merely a contingency, in long term there must be a system-wide shake up.
As technology advances, accounting may become a sunset industry.
Wow, so manay surprise! You made my day!
First of all, you need to think carefully about your career in the future.
In general, we need around four to eight weeks to process the claim.
Even she had not finished her studies in secondary school yet, she had to work for her family to repay debts.
She inverted the pen by mistake and got stained with the ink on the tip.
The brave detective captured the criminal alive.
The government approved to sell heavy arms to an ally.
My maid would occasionally transfer money back home to support building houses.
My younger brother has had schizophrenia for 20 years, and he needs an injection every month.
He doesn't have much money, let's treat him to the meal.
When O camp goes to an end, everyone graffitis on each other's bib.
It's hot. I should eat a bowl of pomelo and sago in mango soup.
The patient has an abdominal aorta aneurysm. We need to consult vascular surgery for whether there is need to operate.
Can you ask the manual worker to help?
Many "pork-chops" think that they are good-looking when they are not.
He wants to do everything by himself, no matter how trivial it is.
He has a young wife and some kids. If you fire him, he'll have no money to support his family.
Do we really try our luck when buying these days?
As time is running out, I will leave it here / I will not go further.
I am almost 90 years old and you still say I am young, how flattering.
The company's profit increased 3% the second half of the year from the first half of the year.
How could he dance in public naked? He really doesn't care how the others see him.
Toss the rubbish into the bin
Humans always make the same mistakes.
If inflation in the United States persists, the Fed would have no choice but to raise rates earlier than expected.
On a cheque, in addition to the Arabic numerals, you also need to write the the payable amount in either Chinese anti-fraud numerals or English.
We can't take any measure right now; the only thing we can do is wait and see how it develops.
The decorations on the ridge of this temple demonstrate outstanding craftsmanship and are of particularly high artistic value.
Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office
It's getting harder to hire people in the catering industry.
It takes such a long time for this correction fluid to dry. No wonder it fell into disfavour.
Busy work stresses me out.
My boss likes to make people work, but he just plays solitaire himself.
Faced with absolute doom, he is still joking around, I don't think he knows how badly the situation is.
It's rather harsh of you to treat people like that.
I quite understand your situation right now.
You're pretty and have a sweet voice, I'm sure you must have a lot of suitors!
If I had not asked you two to take a photo together, I would have never known that you are such good friends.
It is very reasonable as I, a professional auto mechanic, bring along a spanner.
Many singers also get into the movie industry.
What's the rush? There's no reward for being early.
If you don't eat breakfast, you will not have energy to work.
The candidate could still win the election with only more than 600 votes.
The company is determined to reform.  All news will be announced online from now on.
Her mom is one of juries, and her victory is one without glory.
Are you sure the enemy of your enemy is your friend?
She is much more friendly than her husband.
I played with my friends all night.
Can you lend me your calculator for the mathematics exam later?
The defender passed the ball to the striker.
[ChatGPT]After giving the boss a break, Ah Keung went to sell fish and take a bath.
The incident is suspected to be an organized crime.
He has spent three years writing this book.
The Board of Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the Period.
There's something missing in this post.
It's so hot. Don't get exposed in strong sun outdoors, for fear of heat stroke.
I have been seeking a job for half year, still got no luck.
Children have to obey what their parents say, and shouldn't be naughty.
Their company hopes to balance the books as soon as possible through cost-cutting and revenue generation.
He is a relative of the boss, pocketing whatever passes his hands whilst doing little to no work.
He asked for leave of absence to attend a funeral.
I finished this book within two nights without a break.
Can you make progress and not let our family decline after your generation!
I don't even know where I flung the key at.
The lunch today is plentiful.
A-chung put all his monthly salary into U.S. stock.
It is really romantic to enjoy the neon vista of Victoria Harbour from the Peak.
It is important to equip oneself with a skill other than studying.
He stated he would like to have Fanta but not Cola.
This flat faces west, so it will be very hot in the late afternoon.
The performance of the female lead in that movie was very moving and powerful.
I order food for them every day, feel like being used as a tool.
Accompanying some guys to start a business, he found out they were all cheaters and took all his money away.
This school is widely considered as a gangster school.
You are gorgeous, generous and decentjust too good to be true.
Why are you wearing sandals with socks?
Aroma therapy can ease one's tensed emotion.
She has cute dimples.
The more people doing this, the more the money will be thinned out.
This website steals articles from elsewhere all the time, and has no respect for the authors. We should report them until they are taken down!
He seems unhappy, should we comfort him?
The symbol of Octopus Card is a Mbius strip.
Can you summon a nurse for me?
Having divorced her husband, she is now living alone.
That football coach scolds people often.
Now many professional musicians only know the simplified score notation, and can't even read traditional Chinese gongche scores.
That stock has skyrocketed this morning. If I had known, I would have bought it yesterday. I feel bloody regretful.
If you study hard now, you will have the opportunity to go abroad in the future.
Eat your chicken wing thoroughly before you pick up another.
He was prompted to drugs by his curiosity.
Under the school rules, dresses should cover one's knees.
This concert is spectacular.
"I've been in need of money lately." "I think that's been the case for a long time."
This editorial obscurely criticized the latest government's policy.
Teachers should not have selfish motives; they should treat every student impartially.
Lantau Peak has a spectacular view, attracting many hikers.
That drinking fountain inside the park is really dirty.
His CD was so popular that all the copies were sold out almost immediately.
Look at this sneaky bastard. He must have stolen something.
Everyone has assembled in the lobby.
He's so annoying, ordering me to do this and that.
Many car accidents occur during reversing.
Teams that take the initiative often have an advantage.
Can your phone record videos?
The market worries that the Brent prices will drop sharp too.
In those days people living in mountains sang folk songs to express their romantic feelings.
There are thousands of people passing through this street every day.
They have earned more than enough and have also found good husbands.
Sir, please return the trays after you've finished.
These shrimps are boiled and ready for the dining table.
The spokesperson overturns the previous claims and admits the discrepancy with the facts.
Our organisation helps people in the belief that practising charity will accumulate virtue.
Red bean paste pancake is a kind of special dim sum in China.
to be caught between two conflicting parties with each of which one has a close relationship
[ChatGPT]Are you kidding me? It's obvious that the ball was in! The referee is biased and it's a foul!
Wow! The career line on your palm is so straight and clear. You should be greatly successful in your business in the future!
For this matter, I must wait for instructions from my boss before getting back to you.
Kniting a scarf is something that practice makes perfect.
I must get the doll from that machine today!
She went home at around twelve last night.
I really had bad luck today: resuscitation started as soon as I am on duty, and worse still, it was unsuccessful.
City people like me ate so much rice, but never seen the grain of uncooked rice.
Did anyone have a banknote of 10 dollars?
I explained it so carefully and still didn't understand. What a waste of breath!
This ramen restaurant always has a long queue.
The back of his head was struck in an accident, so he is in a coma.
We have to support each other to overcome the difficulties.
They are recording a song; they won't complete it soon.
Can we please not have lunch with this scrooge? He dines with others only to have them pay the bill.
You seriously believe she's pregnant? It's just groundless rumour.
He is so busy that he could not get away, so don't disturb him.
These fishballs really look unappetizing.
I felt her hand and it was all ice-cold.
Stick to the date we set beforehand to get things done. Don't keep changing it.
[ChatGPT]Sand pear is mainly lean meat with a little fat.
The sky is so dark that it's probably gonna rain.
There were approximately fifty people there.
We've carefully chosen a few types for your selection.
Nah! Don't listen to him bullshitting. God knows if a single word of his is true!
The horses are at the gate, ready to start the race.
The car is worth buying at this price.
Einstein was incredibly smart. Undoubtedly, he was no ordinary Joe.
It is already usual for a P.1 student to get private tutoring?
The Yuan dynasty was a brutal regime and was toppled by its own people.
Do you prefer big breasts or a pretty face?
Remember to do static stretching after running to relax your muscles.
I saw my reflection in the lake!
This year, my salary has doubled!
He has his own ideas. Don't worry about him.
Who dropped her nude bra?
When you have a passion for performing, anywhere could be your theatre.
The profits should be divided equally by the stockholders.
I can't come for dinner, but I will come for the after-party.
He is very happy that his firstborn was a boy.
Do you know where this place is?
Chinese language teachers often require students to recite passages.
U.S. gold futures settled 2.1% lower at US$1,970.30 per ounce.
The car is on the highway now, you can increase the speed.
Just now he swore at me, and so I slapped his face.
This story embodies a profound truth.
She has a good foundation in English.
it's cloudy today but it's still so hot.
Since he took part in politics, Ming has been too busy to see his family.
Our club is organizing an event. Help us promote it!
See? You've got hit now. You're naughty, ain't I right? You're too fond of playing.
The glass is glossy. It looks so clean.
This student is very smart and he studies hard so the teachers like him very much.
In 221 BCE, the First Emperor of Qin completed the conquest of the other six major states.
His wife keeps the home neat and tidy; he doesn't need to worry at all.
The flowers in the park are bright-coloured. They are so beautiful that I want to pick one.
Wai's instant noodles with pork liver is Sham Shui Po's famous cuisine.
Giving up on yourself won't solve the problem!
Everyone goes on a date, does it mean that everyone really wants to go on a date?
There are 60 residents in this housing complex.
It's not enough to just eat toast for breakfast.
What you say has logical fallacies and thus is not tenable.
She saw me and ignore me.
Your behavior will make me lose face. How can I face my subordinates then?
Please take me to Ocean Park to play!
[ChatGPT]Halfway through hiking, I feel a bit short of breath.
It's been a long time since we last met, but you are still as attractive as before!
There are many mum-and-pop shops selling decorations.
Your deeds are so evil that they are simply unspeakable.
He needs to wear that ugly uniform out on the streets even though it's nearly thirty degrees out there.
Compress those files before sending them to me, okay?
The pain of the headache made him furrow his brow.
You are so punctual today that you are not yourself.
Seeing that they insist to do things in their own way, I feel really helpless.
I have to express my gratitude to my teacher for inspiring me; without him, I would not have won this award.
If he's not coming, so be it; who cares about him.
We are discussing some important issues, don't break into our conversation!
If you naughty little shit keeps yelling, I will kill you!
Every customer is different, so we have to be flexible when serving each one of them.
His words are earnest enough to prompt one to deep thought.
Newsstands stopped hiring paper boys because nobody reads newspapers nowadays.
Last time, she got seven ear piercings at once.
I need get to the airport on time, no matter what.
She looks totally different after make-up.
It is such an insult to the turtles when the cops are being name called as "turtles".
Why is there a mung bean on the floor?
There are countless stars in the Milky Way.
It is not easy to explain the relationship between he/she and me in a few words.
After the scandal of using fake materials during manufacturing was exposed, no one wants the products of this brand anymore.
Our teacher has played a foreign cartoon to us today.
Can you take us to have a look around a bit?
Property prices have dropped to a reasonable level.
Thick clouds hang heavy in the sky, promising rain.
This centering has hit the sweet spot, the forward just need to hold, shoot and goal !
At first I wanted to buy a new machine, after thinking about it more, I think I should wait until it gets cheaper.
Every family has its own problem. It is difficult for outsiders to understand.
The two of them are not relatives but they somehow look like each other.
Supporters and opponents are both welcome to dial to our phone-in programme to say something.
How can I resent you for being "nosy"? Thank you so much!
Everyone believes her arrogance comes from her sugar daddy.
Do you know why this person committed the crime?
Your idea is quite interesting.
She taught me some basic dance steps.
To set up a business, you should have both drive and plans.
They don't get on with each other and they always have quarrel.
This time a design from a small company was chosen.
That two guys climbed up tall buildings to film themselves. I feel dangerous for them just by looking at them.
I heard a rumour that the company is closing.
Hey silly girl, you can't use correction fluid as nail polish.
She always keeps her head down and didn't speak a word. She is so shy.
There was a huge fire last night, and the house was burned to the ground.
He has done nothing and you are already singing the praises of him.
After he made a fool of himself, his dignity caved in entirely.
He doesn't like you so he always criticizes you for your extremely minor mistakes.
The workers, fighting for a pay rise, have been on strike for a week.
Shooting with a tripod can reduce camera shake.
I've been so busy with work; no time to even take a break and go somewhere.
The candlelight vigil has been canceled for a few years.
At the time, I made the promise to him right away without even thinking. Looking back now, I'm starting to regret it.
The plot is quite mainstream. You could guess what the ending will be like.
Everyone wants to find out dark horses, but it's indeed easier said than done.
The government is going to present a Good Citizen Award to him.
It's rare to meet someone who shares the same hobby as I, let's spar together!
She untied his hands and let him go.
This colour is not easily visible to others.
Can this printer print in color?
Look! The ball is spinning like crazy.
There are two female house helpers at home taking care of my son.
This person has odd temperament and his whereabouts is often uncertain.
The brothers refused to give way to each other. They even started fighting.
We are having such a good, let us all have a drink, even if you can't drink, just tag along, don't ruin the occasion for us.
Follow the steps written in the book, then it will be fine.
The strengths of boards-on-frame are that they are light while also tough enough.
Many girls wish that their lovers are caring guys.
Builders didn't receive their salary, so they protested.
I hope you could consider my opinion.
We are just joining in the fun.
The room is bright enough. I like it.
You are going out with a girl on a date at a western-style restaurant! You shouldn't wear clothes that look so untidy. Give her a good impression!
Why would you find it acceptable to lie to your own self?
Dating couples will of course behave in an affectionate manner.
There was a large conflict between the USA and China. The world is in imminent danger.
Having smoked for 30 years, he finally quit last year.
If you promised then you need to do it, you can't go back on you word.
He treats me as a passerby and even ignores me.
The poker game kids love most is Old Maid as it is easy to play, fun, and exciting.
This nail polish brand is safe for pregnant women.
Many people save as much as possible just to purchase a flat.
Glowing and flowing, molten iron slowly solidifies into bricks.
I am good to you because of our friendship, but not love.
The ineptness of the government makes one want to sigh.
Why are you standing so far away? Do I have bad body odour?
Once he entered the company, he moved rapidly up the corporate ladder.
The food in this restaurant is too expensive and not filling enough. Don't come again next time.
If you are unhappy with the company's policy, we will have no choice but to ask you to leave us and find another job.
I never had any musical talent, and no matter how much I tried, I was never able to learn how to play any instruments.
If it were you, who would you choose to be your wife?
Oh, so you forgot to bring your homework again!
Computers are no longer optional luxury goods.
Many safety guards are keeping watch for the bank. It's very hard to set about the robbery.
During the Eastern Jin and Southern Dynasties, the nobility gradually declined and the poor began to wield political power.
Don't just sit there and watch. They are going to start fighting !
What? $200 for a mobile phone? It's probably gonna blow up or something. There's no way you can get a high-quality phone in that price range.
Finally she can represent Hong Kong to play in the match this time.
We'll go to the laboratory for this Chemistry lesson.
This Lunar New Year I prepare the Chinese narcissus myself and it has grown with 8 stems. It is a very strong sign of good fortune.
I've started saving money since the year before last, but it's still not enough to buy a car.
His company benefited from the loss of a competitor.
The experience of being abused by his parents made him hard to trust anyone.
The observatory has issued the Very Hot Weather Warning.
Slow down. We have plenty of time.
There is a vicious cycle between poverty and crime.
They set up several stalls outside the arena to sell souvenirs.
Normal people won't do this.
The character setting in the anime may not follow the original work exactly.
My house is very small and cramped, it's only three hundred square feet.
He has great ambition but little talent. While eager to take the leading role, he is unable to lead the team to greatness.
You should be responsible for your own work, I won't be doing it for you this time.
Please don't be mischievous. Start working now.
Those foreign women loves to wear strong perfume.
Please send my regards to your husband.
Her eyes are big and bright.
When there's something weighing on you, remember to speak your mind. You mustn't bottle that up inside.
There were nearly a million people participating in this parade.
It's my misfortune to have fallen in love with a married man.
People who are used to type on a computer will type very slowly on a typewriter.
Even though the garment is a little too big, just buy it.
I can tell he's a fireman by looking at his figure alone.
I was a little bit worried about what she said.
She wore an eye-catching miniskirt.
No unauthorized loan.
You need a specific tool to open a can!
Anyone who trusts you as much as 10 percent is blind.
We saw all three pyramids at once, they are so magnificent!
I spent too much money last month, so I need to be more thrifty this month.
This image is painted using a computer.
I heard that he is dating a 40-year-old woman.
The goods are real, and the prices are reasonable. There are absolutely no counterfeit goods whatsoever.
Check data usage and enjoy mobile Internet.
The price of fuel oil has finally started to fall after being high for ten months.
There was a fire outbreak in his lab. All of his research that he devoted his life in had turned into ashes.
I heard drinking lemon water can brighten our skin.
Polar bears have thick layers of fur and fat to survive in the freezing arctics.
I heard that used tea leaves are good natural fertilizers for flowers.
He pulled out his gold card at the bar and was immediately surrounded by women.
We have to voice our opinions.
There is nothing wrong with me. You don't need to worry.
It couldn't be better if the school principal can come to the opening ceremony.
Just give me a yes or a no; don't beat around the bush.
Sharp household tools, like knives and needles, should be kept away from children.
My parents always argue because of some little things.
My favorite colour is fuchsia.
My nose is full of blackheads. It looks like a strawberry.
The takeaway packaging is neat and tidy.
Wow, you are dressed up so well. Where are you hanging out?
I was thinking about offering him the seat, but he abruptly sat onto my bed.
A and B are the two main brands of cellphones on the market. The latter is more durable than the former.
What you said is too abstract, I don't really understand.
She has spent much time and effort to come up with a solution.
Jerusalem in the Middle East is holy land of Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
This band, the members, their songs and dance are all freakish.
Government should size up the situation and solve social problems timely.
This voice is synthesised by a computer program.
Just be concentrate. Don't gaze around.
He is so unfortunate to die unjustly in this car accident.
When I was small, I thought Dad was awesome and all-rounded as if he could fly and travel underground.
He audaciously challenges the President with overconfidence in his abilities.
I had a tutorial of 3 hours this morning.
You triad shall not stir up trouble here!
After a series of studies, the biologists decided to classify the newly discovered creature under Lepidoptera.
Shortly after wearing high heels, my legs would start hurting.
The screw in the screw terminal is not well tightened. That's why the signal is intermittent!
When we took the ferry and passed by the small island, we saw silver linings by accident.
This apartment is both spacious and of practical use.
There are whale performances in the Ocean Park in the past.
Wear a jacket; it is quite cold outside.
It is indeed a good idea.
The sun shines ever so brightly today, perhaps it's finally the time for our trip to beach.
Gonna have exam next month, it has really stressed me out!
Please handle the vase with care while moving. Don't drop and break it.
Hey man. What are you up to?
Everybody's here, why don't we have hotpot tonight? It's easy to prepare and we can chat around the pot.
First, let us invite our president to deliver a speech for our graduation ceremony.
His drawing skills when compared to his master's, are only better if not equal.
Vampires on TV aren't really scary.
This department store is well stocked and has numerous choices.
The firefighters rescued several injured people from a site of the fire.
The remote control is missing again. How am I supposed to switch the channel?
Reading the map is a basic ability when studying geography.
One must use anchor bolt but not typical screw to install hanging cabinet.
I think skirts suit you more than dresses.
How many souvenirs did you bring back on this vacation?
A cold front swept through Hong Kong. Tonight's temperature will fall to 10C.
He even harassed his own young daughter. What a bastard!
He charges only two hundred dollars for making a website. That's just "creating a rotten market"!
He is timorous. He is easily frightened no matter how things turn out.
The tea shop's boss often gives me tips to distinguish good tea leaves.
This student is very diligent that he studies every night.
In the past, people had to comply with parents' arrangements in marriage.
Children love to annoy people with trivial questions.
Going to work very early, he is the first to sign in every morning.
Why not wax the car? It'll look new.
I thought you just made empty talk, so you are serious?
I took some water sample from my place to a laboratory for testing.
I parted ways with my friend at the station, then went home.
I almost fell asleep watching this boring movie.
You have to supply the missing documents to us within this week.
'Hey, I thought you had to go to work today.' 'You can't be serious, can you? Isn't today Saturday?'
The Ka family has much fewer many financial resources than before, despite its strength in appearance.
I am serious. Marry me!
I've just had a meal and I'm really full. My stomach is really bloated.
Hope that human and animals can coexist.
Rumour has it that the rich man murdered his wife.
A: "Thank you so much!" B: "You're welcome. It's not a great deal."
He studies extremely hard a month before every examination.
I want to be in a relationship with him/her.
As the charity fund closed, patients were not able to have medical expense subsidy.
Taking a wire-flying scene is not as easy as being pulled up that the actors should maintain the balance themselves.
We are but employer and employee; we should behave appropriately.
Hongkongese and Cantonese from the mainland both love eating Cantonese cuisine.
You are always late, how can you lecture me about punctuality?
After winning some money in the stock market, he speculated with his money again, hoping to repeat his earlier success, but the market turned against him and he lost all his capital.
The doctor was banned from practising for a year because he was found neglecting his duty.
My entire body was soaked through by the pouring rain.
This backpack has mesh pockets on the sides to put water bottles in.
You will be having a vacation next month. Have you booked the plane tickets and hotel rooms yet?
In this police operation they arrested a total of two men and one woman.
The air in the outskirts is fresh.
Why don't you have LASIK? You don't need to wear glasses anymore after having it.
He emigrated to the United States in 1990, and has never returned since.
He is a group-mate in name only. He has done nothing.
It's raining. Go inside quickly!
Washing the floor with diluted bleaching agents can kill bacteria and deodorize a place.
If you have something to say, just come straight to the point.
Let's take a look at this sport news.
I'll go home first, then I'll phone you.
Everyone has different attitudes in investments.
This is my desk! Don't let your hand cross the boundary!
We didn't force him to pay for our lunch. He did it on his own wishful thinking.
I am going deaf from the non-stop shrieking of those kids.
[ChatGPT]He waits for his lover by the door every day, waiting until he's blue in the face.
People vested the power in the government.
I had two rounds with a girl last night. Today I'm exhausted.
As the commander, I must be held accountable for this incident.
The first time we met, the girl held my arm as we walked.
This shop sells fakes. Don't buy things there!
Zhengyi Taoist priests recite sacred texts with musical accompaniment.
Significant cost overruns on major infrastructure have become a common occurrence.
Uh oh. Somehow I thought the deadline was next month.
This news is so fake, where did you see it?
Mr. Lau feels pleased to see that his children are so self-motivated.
Have a sniff of this perfume. Does it smell good?
At the age of 13, he took and drove his dad's car without a license.
This antique is about to be appraised by experts.
Buying things with gift vouchers really saves a lot of money!
He told me something yesterday and I'm thinking about what does those words mean.
I have to stand on tiptoe to reach the book.
If mass protests break out, how will the government deal with the situation?
He talks loudly on his phone as if no one else is in the cinema.
Hey! A new recruit will join us today.
The medical profession has proven that feeding with mother's milk is the best for the baby.
I have had a little food before class.
The government plans to postpone the presidential election.
Arguing with your parent on little money just doesn't worth it.
Let's take a ten-minute break before we continue.
Now that you're all grown up and ready to leave the nest, you don't give your family a second thought, huh?
You've got promoted? Let's go and have a beer!
On every exam season, the offering table of Man Mo Temple is covered with tributes such as fruits and snacks.
He turns the truth upside down in his column just for money. Such a money-grubbing columnist!
To the question of whether you have dinner or not, the only answer is yes or no. Why are you hesitating?
Sam So is a famous author in Hong Kong writing in saam kap dai.
This area becomes deserted when night comes like a ghost city.
Many people think that the colour purple is romantic.
Do you think he's dating someone? It seems so.
Did you know that the older generation call Christmas "Lou Faan Dung"?
She doesn't get tired even after doing fifty push-ups.
There are at most two hundred representatives.
He does not know which faculty we are in/stand for.
Professor Lee always praises Professor Wong for being knowledgable. That's like knows like.
Hurry and think of a way to get this taken care of!
They promised not to charge if they failed to do it.
My little sister caught me jerking off yesterday.
I want to draw divination sticks in the Tin Hau Temple.
My grandpa practises Chinese calligraphy every day.
A-chung and his cronies are always stealing food. This time I'm going to punish A-chung severely and make an example of him!
After having a meal, we went for karaoke.
What? How come the shop is closed early today.
Women and children have low social status in the traditional Chinese society.
The authorities decided to extend the validity period of the vaccines.
Don't think those who question are to argue.
Everyone is mourning the passing of the Pope.
It's common sense to keep medicines away from children.
His videos of unboxing of new cellphones are rather popular.
If you do it that way you'll only reach a dead end.
How are you so naive even as an adult?
The maximum penalty for smoking inside a lift is 5000 HKD.
This French perfume is very expensive!
Chief Economic and Financial Strategist
We can exchange books and share ideas in the cafe this afternoon.
This booklet is printed on recycled paper, so the cost is a bit higher.
Is it a shower or a bathtub in the bathroom?
If you break the contract, you will have to pay a compenstation.
He always says things that do not make any sense.
Can you please ask the janitors to move the chairs into the hall?
You are just beating around the bush, evading my questions.
He returned home reluctantly.
He led us out of the touchy situation.
This cup costs twenty-eight dollars and eighty cents.
His works exhibit the style of a grand master.
The government flying service rescued two sailors in the sea.
This book is too complicated, let me read some guidance first.
The monitor shows that your computer has been infected by a virus.
The society is going to select the best film. The film directed by Cheung is on the nominated list.
She just had a miscarriage and you came and ask her is abortion a good choice? Are you kidding me?
Sea pilots are in charge of guiding ships into and out of waterways.
A-chung is fooling around again. He really hasn't received enough punishment!
He could not have ever expected that his deeply trusted friend would betray him.
Mary has eaten something dirty today so she has diarrhea all the day.
After many years of hard work, she finally rises to become the head of the company.
I have nothing more to say if you insists to confuse the truth and falsehood.
He is on the fence about this proposal, but I am extremely confident.
She pressed the telephone close to her ear.
If you have any enquiries, please call this number.
He is a nice fella, a go-to-guy if you have any question.
More money, more problems. Once they got famous there was more gossip.
That columnist often includes famous quotes, but I can't see they are really relevant to the contents of his articles.
The government will execute this new regulation steadfastly.
I'm not feeling very well. I'd better call in sick and have some rest at home.
This blueprint only depicts an outline. It isn't complete yet.
Providing emergency treatment to those in need is a natural mission of us doctors.
Our grandpa went to the park and exercised in the early morning.
There is no problem so far.
Now you've married a rich guy and you're starting to put all airs and graces on with your goddamn attitude, you were also just a salesperson back then!
Hungry Ghost Festival is nigh; don't go out so often at night.
We walked from the mountain top down to the foot of the mountain.
He had two consecutive goals: one left-footed and one right-footed.
He broke a child's leg because the child accidentally stepped on his foot! How cruel he is!
She dares to have a fight with the boss, she is so brave.
Please don't take what he said seriously, he's just kidding.
I went to the interview like an idiot without even knowing the name of the company.
She pulled a pair of gloves from her pocket.
He often makes business trip to China, travelling back and forth between two places.
I just ate something though.
Shinto is a polytheistic religion in Japan.
My elder sister is a piano teacher.
Don't just offer lip service.
On the commemoration day, the flag was flying at half-mast to pay tribute to the martyrs.
[ChatGPT]This air conditioner also has a dehumidifying function, and the dehumidifying effect is pretty good.
This shop is the life of my father, he devoted his whole life to it, I couldn't disappoint him.
This room is decorated exquisitely.
A great deal of manpower and resources are employed to hold this activity.
Don't pretend to be nice and shed crocodile tears.
The summer employee comes to work 10-15 minutes late every day. Does he think he is the boss?
You should hand in the receipts as soon as possible, or it will be quite problematic for the accounting department to do their job.
The girl did not get to eat ice-cream, so she wore an angry face.
A-chung has brought a swim ring with strong buoyancy, saying that he won't need to worry about getting drowned.
A: "So what will you eat?" B: "Rice with Chinese style roast pork for me, beef brisket with curry for her."
The opportunist politicians in the parliament would not miss any chance to attack their political rivals.
I resign from the role as the chief editor with immediate effect.
He is already 59 years old but still has a muscular figure.
The typhoon brings great destruction and over ten thousand suffer.
Studying linguistics does not entail directly learning other languages.
In a lack of quorum the meeting had to be adjourned and will be resumed next week.
I was absolutely flabbergasted when I heard that from her.
He does his stunts himself and insists not to have stunt doubles.
Her success in the election was entirely due to luck.
He lives in the suburbs, it doesn't take him long to drive to work.
There are 3 crimes that triad members hate: to steal from a friend, to be an informer for police, to have an affair with a friend's woman.
There are a lot of examples of imagery in this poem to describe the feeling of embracing.
This doctor specialises in bone and bruising injuries.
The cube of 2 is 2 times 2 times 2, which is 8.
He has a husky, magnetic voice.
It suddenly rained heavily. The match was forced to an abrupt end.
Mr Lai works over time initiatively, what a workaholic!
I hereby announce that Mr. Chan Tai Man is the champion.
I will miss you every moment.
The then kid has now become a handsome young man.
This entry is written in the non-preferred way. Improve it.
I think he did it on purpose!
Although the doctor advised him to retire, he goes to work as usual.
Many people make a solemn vow before getting married but do nothing afterwards.
The performance tonight still accords to the arrangement made before and is not affected by the storm.
The findings of the various studies differ greatly.
He's seriously ill, and if you don't come back to see him now, I'm afraid you may not have another chance.
The government accumulates a large amount of vaccines and has not put them in use yet.
If you don't bring an umbrella, you're gonna get wet.
This guy is no match for the other. The game is not worth watching.
Waiter, can I have the bill please?
He will give me a call regularly, I'm sure.
Crosstalks and sketch comedies are the highlights of the Spring Festival Gala.
You have to notify the Inland Revenue Department if you move house.
The world is ever-changing, no one knows what will happen next.
I'll introduce this product in a while.
You're too generous to buy so many presents to visit me!
The rich merchant just purchased 3 more buildings.
He barely does any sports, so I don't understand why he applied for the 3000m steeplechase at all. It would've been a miracle if he didn't come last.
After she retired, she decided to concentrate on writing her autobiography.
I have absolutely no idea why he did that.
I've arranged all the photos chronologically; please don't mess up the order.
"When you take something to the ultimate level, it becomes an art."
Now we are too busy that we cannot spare manpower to help you.
Knowledge obtained should not be judged only by marks.
Hey, get out of the way! I am watching the TV!
[ChatGPT]The trickster in the world is just trying to be mysterious, not wanting people to know that he works for free.
He has been unmarried waiting for you all along.
A number of Vietnamese refugees are still detained in Singapore.
She often sneaks into the store room to skive off work.
She is seriously injured to the point that we don't know if she'll awake from the coma.
Peking roast duck is very tasty that its outside is crispy and inside is soft.
He is a stubborn person, it's better to obey him.
He likes gaining advantage from friends. All of us hate him.
That person is even worse than pigs and dogs!
The cultural relic is displayed overseas for the first time.
This old car breaks down all the time. The repair costs will mount up over the years, so you'd better buy a new one.
Anyone with half a brain wouldn't feed chocolate to dogs. It's not rocket science, is it?
He turns mad and scolds others without any reason. Something may be wrong with him.
This file is great, but pity that it is released long ago, no one is seeding it now, we can't download it.
I want to get married with him, but I don't want to become a step-mother.
The Southern Song Dynasty was attacked repeatedly by the Mongols, and then slowly declined.
Last year, Old Yeung was already offered a golden handshake.
His master plan for the country, after all, is loud but it does not work very well. It does not have much practical result.
Mom, please don't discipline me!
Being a trustworthy man, he would pay you back if he said so.
Ah-Chung wanted to try out a drug treatment after he was hinted by his girlfriend that his sexual performance was not strong enough lately.
After one's death, he will rest in the Lord's embrace.
The murderer has no fear of being sentenced to death because he bribed the judge.
The pair of stone loins symbolizes unchallenged power.
If the dress doesn't fit, you can return it for another product as long as the difference in price is paid.
The unemployment rate dipped marginally last month to 6.5%.
Don't drive if you haven't had enough sleep. Go take a taxi.
He is so unreasonable and extremely aggressive. Who wants to be friends with him?
Are you thinking the same thing as I am?
He thought he is famous, but most people have never heard of his name.
He has been at this company for over ten years; he's been here so long that he lacks enthusiasm and does everything halfheartedly.
You don't seem to wear these two boxes of winter clothes very often.
The Chinese translation may not be accurate. In addition, it's easier to look for information with the original text.
The following is a special news report.
Where are you planning to settle down in Canada as you immigrate?
He suffered from brain hypoxia at birth and is now intellectually disabled. He needs to attend a special school.
You won't be bored when you are watching a good TV series.
Office towers and high-rises do not make communitiesit's the people and businesses within them that do.
Tonight is the finale of that TV series, let's go home now to watch it.
It's close to the exam period. Why aren't you studying now?
He dabbles in everything and achieves nothing.
Oh shit! I forgot to turn off the stove before leaving the house!
Why the hell are you always picking on me?
Her grandpa is healthy and strong even he is already eighty years old.
This loan company count the rate day by day, the rate multiple on rate can make the debt very heavy.
Fortunately he was not at home at that time, so he was safe from danger.
Your new home is quite elegant, how much did you spend renovating it?
We are going clams digging this weekend.
He is so knavish that he doesn't keep his word.
The chairman had an impromptu interview after the ceremony.
This tyrant is so atrocious that he is overthrown by others without any surprise.
Then I called the police.
It's time to pass the company to the younger generation.
Is this camera suitable for your needs?
I failed in over ten subjects in the last examination.
Each guest will be given a turn to speak, and then you all can also raise questions.
to convey a clear message to the citizens
Just me, Keung and Ming here, three but lacks one, so we cannot play mahjong.
After the Umbrella Revolution, the conflicts between the government and citizens were intensified.
The keys are in the bottom drawer.
The semester starts next week. I am so excited.
The teacher teaches here a bit and teaches there a bit, scattering [the content] all around.
This can be divided into two parts. Once you acquire how to solve one of them, you can handle the other part likewise.
Those who are born in August should be Leo or Virgo.
I can't get used to this unfamiliar bed. I've been in bed for a while but can't fall asleep.
You can take the bus or the MTR to Ap Lei Chau.
He is the son of the shop owner.
It's really cool and refreshing to have a soft drink after doing sports.
The district I live in is not very safe, I always need to keep my guard up.
His real character has finally been revealed.
Is it extremely boring to spend Christmas alone?
He can do anything for you if you give him cash. Money talks, y'know?
This job requires a foreigner who can speak fluent Cantonese.
Please sit down and have a cake, don't stand on ceremony.
You shouldn't edge out the new colleagues.
How is the recent business condition of the company?
I've given you the key, haven't I?
Don't eat your food too fast or you might choke.
After having walked all day long, I still get no seat and feel so tired.
Last night our neighbor's dog barked the whole night. I can't sleep at all.
These are some home cooking dishes in Cantonese cuisine.
I WhatsApped you and phoned you. You didn't answer.
A-ming came up dead first in this race. He led by nearly 50 meters.
There's a boy crying over there, can you go and find out why?
He is so desperate for victory, so he attacks his opponents unscrupulously.
Once you have been an organiser, you will realize the difficulties.
This old man is really something. He was a world boxing champion.
She brought an accusation of attempted murder against her husband.
Could you give me a piece of tissue for clearing my sweat.
When parking facing uphill, turn the steering wheel to the right. Even if your car rolls back, it will only hit the curb.
If you want to visit more places, you should hire a car.
Why are you tearing up the paper money?
I should find a prophet to foretell my luck in the coming year.
Talk is cheap. Let's set off now.
There are three people waiting for you in the meeting room.
It's so fortunate that the test result for the virus turned out to be negative in that patient. Otherwise, Hong Kong might have suffered from another epidemic.
According to the basic principle of first aid, checking safety of environment is the very first thing to do.
The jewellery at this jewellery shop are all in fixed price.
"Why has nobody been held accountable for the government's erroneous decisions up to now?"
Can you find out what the boss has in mind?
You want to take control? Don't even think about it!
Please explain the main points of this passage.
How unbelievable that he released a record while he sounds like an old cow!
If you really want it, I can give you for a fixed price of ten dollars.
Hin's mum arranged a blind date for him.
It's not the time to worry now.
My notebook is so thick and so heavy.
Ew! You are so disgusting, picking your nose in the street...
You couldn't solve the problem by arguing every day and night. Why not sit down and talk peacefully instead?
Do not touch the ink pad when you are using the stamp. Otherwise, your hand will get dirty.
This building is all show and no go. It has a nice lobby, but is otherwise unmaintained.
Today I will leave at 6pm sharp.
Mars is not suitable yet for human beings to live.
He's been feeling very grumpy lately. If your response is slow, he'll even blow up on you.
After school, he goes to the study room to do homework and revision. When the evening comes he goes home for dinner.
The dentist told me to get my teeth cleaned again within a year.
The government holds the economic development of the district in high regard.
They got married after graduation and gave birth to two children afterwards.
I drank eight glasses of beer, and now my stomach is filled with nothing but beer, it's quite painful.
He got the essence of the problem.
Chapters are divided based on factors like the chronological order, issues, stages of the plot development, and so on.
One of my fellow villagers is working next door.
In HK, the police force can detain any suspects for at most 48 hours.
There are a few ways you can play this game.
Don't panic. I'll protect you!
Why are you mistreating yourself by signing a five-year contract with that label company? All those who signed with that company usually become unpopular singers.
He has aspired to be a great writer since he was a child.
I used to be afraid of appearing in front of camera, but now that I have more confidence, I am not so scared anymore.
The only way to succeed is through hard-work.
We should think deeply about how to inherit our traditions.
Familiar? No way! I know him but he doesn't know me. Plus, I've seen him only once!
The police do not rule out the possibility of it being a murder case.
I realised I have done that Math question wrongly just at the end of exam.
Leave him alone to deal with his own stuff, so as to avoid hindering more than helping him.
The tranquility of nature makes one feel refreshed and joyous.
If we still can't think of where to eat, we'll go with Mickey D's.
Offending Boss's wife? Don't you fear that she'll complain to Boss?
Stop empty talk. Actions speak louder than words.
The leather jacket is good-looking on her.
Being a lab technician is demanding. They often work overtime till late night.
He is such a miser, always analyzing the situation up to the last bit for his own benefit.
"25 year old chap bottled at a nightclub"
It is quiet in the shop, no way are there people.
He complains that he was beaten up by the police cruelly during detention.
I poked my head to see who is talking in the corridor.
If the telephone rings, please answer it for me.
She is very stingy, she never learns to share.
Further information is on the website.
She's well over 30 and still hasn't been able to get married. It looks like she'll have to buy herself a spinster house.
From carrying her bags and paying her bills, to doing her university schoolwork and taking care of her daily chores, all of those had to be done by her boyfriend. Her princess syndrome is really severe.
This washing machine has a maximum rpm of 1000.
The government should tell the public about the policies.
I found a dildo under my sister's bed.
He recommends himself to be responsible for this task.
I consulted many traditional Chinese medicine practitioners and finally found one that knows his stuff. My cough stopped at once after I took the herbal medicine.
Some people are afraid that their umbrella will get wet, they always walk under covered walkway next to buildings.
Siu Ming always tells big lies: He has ten dollars but he boasts he has a hundred!
Drinking an appropriate amount of water is good for health.
Sticking your chin out makes you more photogenic.
I haven't watched 'The Greed of Man' yet. Don't spoil it for me!
Remember to prepare your self-introduction before the interview.
The cheque has been rejected by the bank.
Finding a talented person to work with defintely doubles the result with half the effort.
Sometimes the series Pearl buys are quite enjoyable.
Wong Tai Sin is my place. There is a lot of good food.
I have a  long vacation in this summer.
The airline company has been sternly criticised for its continuous bad performance for years.
Waiting for a better timing might be a good idea.
We have the sun today, let's go for a walk.
That deal is successfully closed all thanks to the helping hand from Mr. Lee.
Spare the rod, spoil the child.
As soon as he knew he'd made a mistake, he immediately corrected himself.
Normally he should be granting you leave, right?
He decelerated, thinking he had won, and was overtaken by his opponent before the finish line.
It is already November, but it is still very hot.
This place is so noisy, I can't hear what you say.
Protesters should be careful not to get recognized by bystanders and get reported to the police.
Just barely twist eletrical wires together without screw or soldering? It's too risky!
Maintaining a car's appearance and performance does take lots of work.
I'll wager you $100 that I'll get there first.
The two of them began the relationship after knowing each other for less than a month. Perhaps they'll get married very soon!
Mr Lai is enthusiastic to work, and even doesn't want to get off work.
The issue will certainly be ignored.
He still doesn't get it even it has been explained for times. Ugh!
They have been cooperating and still have tacit understanding.
to sell by kilogram, to count by piece, to weight by pound
Your attire isn't quite appropriate for a funeral.
You have to apply just enough force so that the machine won't break.
That stick was as thick as a cucumber.
God, please forgive my sins!
Antlers are the horns of a deer.
The defendant was found guilty and sentenced to jail for ten months.
There has been no regular curriculum of Cantonese opera.
Hei and his elder brother do not look much alike.
The supply of live chicken to HK will return to normal.
He is going to receive three months of training.
The goods have been delivered, but the money has yet to be collected.
Playing games is all about fun. You are putting the cart before the horse as you hire someone to grind for you in the game.
Ha, you thought I was kidding?
It's still a flower bud now, but it'll be gorgeous when it blooms.
Dialing 133 before the number will disable the calling number display.
I have yearned for the publication of that book for ages!
If you have watched a lion dance, you should have, of course, noticed the smiley Big-headed Buddha!
To be honest, I think you look as attractive as a celebrity. Have you ever thought of being in the entertainment industry?
People fall for money borrowing scams every now and then. The trick is old, but it works.
He presents flowers in front of his mother's grave.
He won prizes every time he participates a race.
[ChatGPT]You're always daydreaming, it's not good.
I'm tutoring at the moment, let's chat later.
Not only is he selfish, but also a small person.
This is a difficult challenge for you. You need to be careful.
Ming always helps the elderly men cross the road.
I bought a little over 3 pounds of coffee beans.
Has the chef changed? The taste is somehow different.
Take that grin off your face! You need to be more serious.
These pills are sugar-coated so children are willing to eat.
I need to cut my nails. Have you got a nail clipper?
At midnight that night, I got on a red minibus from Mong Kok to Tai Po.
The merlion is the landmark of Singapore.
The snake opened its big mouth, preparing to eat its prey.
You should not think so highly of yourself even if you ranked first in the exam.
Drugs and fights are common at rave discos.
We don't know each other. We just share the table.
Being modest can help you improve.
Nothing brings me more joy than chatting with friends.
Without popular mandate, the chief executive is just a lame duck. No large-scale reform will succeed.
He keeps hanging out with those gamblers, and eventually lost all his money.
Temperature swings from cold to hot this week. Take care and don't catch a cold.
This song's file is too big, can you convert it into mp3 first before sending it to me?
The long holiday is over, and it's time to return to school.
Please hold the hand rail, don't keep your eyes only on your mobile phone!
He slaughtered and ate the dog. It was really cruel.
There have been a lot more tourists from China in these ten years.
It's the parents' responsibility to supervise their children.
The horsepower of this sports car's engine is plenty!
Oh dear, I inadvertently let him know about the surprise party!
In the 70's, countless refugees immigrated to foreign countries from Vietnam.
Children can easily choke on fish bones.
A gunfight happened between the police and robbers in Tsim Sha Tsui today.
For the sake of the general situation, he has to give up his hobby.
He is such a smooth talker at this age; he will be a talent of his own in time.
Much of the donation has been taken by the officials and could not be sent to the victims.
If you want to gain some weight, you may eat more.
People extend courtesy to you, but you made a fool of yourself.
The human skull is very fragile. It will be very troublesome if it hurts.
The little girl got lost. I comforted her and helped her find her parents.
February 14 is Valentine's Day.
I have a banquet to attend later on. I am going to go home and dress up nicely.
This is only my little fantasy.
She is dying, how can you stand here and do nothing!
I slipped in the MTR station in the sight of tens of people. It was so embarrassing.
This drama series never gets old. It is still popular today despite being produced 40 years ago.
I was being hit by a banner, now I cannot feel anything.
The rich man chartered a car to send his dog to the hospital.
The Kwun Tong Line Extension railway will run wholly underground.
Have you ever made a lantern with bamboo splints?
It's the Wong with more strokes, don't get it wrong.
He always uses some unusual moves to draw others' attention.
When it comes to an article, the paragraphs must be coherent.
Our school offers a wide variety of subjects.
We have referred your case to our colleagues to follow up.
You will finish up the project.
You feel uneasy whenever you can't see him. Are you in love with him?
The captain of the other team ascribed their loss to the hardness of the pitch.
Sick mom feel comfort because of the well-behaved and mature son.
In terms of dragon boat paddling, "hoi1 daai6" means "paddling in a big span", instead of the slang in daily life.
School bags are too heavy for students nowadays. Many of them suffer from back pain from carrying their bags.
The purpose of Tai Ping Ching Chiu is to purify and bless the community.
This hotel indeed provides all facilities you need.
The issues that we face is really too numerous to mention!
All vehicles should keep to the left.
Not a single one of them knows how to type.
Documents about the consultation are available for downloads on the webpage of the government.
Two of his friends are walking with him.
Please stop being a busybody.
It is heartrending for him to see the hardships that the residents endured.
He's making trouble again. It's so annoying!
Why are you so stupid that you understand nothing!
He will be in charge of this lighting ceremony.
The temperature now is 20 degrees Celsius.
How many were killed by the guillotine during the French Revolution?
You need to walk along several streets to get to the MTR station.
It's freedom once we cross the border.
In the olden days, many families were so poor that they had to resort to selling their sons.
He had a bright future ahead of him, but sadly he died young.
This pair of trousers is a bit too long, it doesn't look good on you.
If there're no bad guys, how are you going to provide contrast with the main character's righteousness?
Did you really think I would believe you were a magician simply because you could recall a couple lines of spells?
Under the care of devoted volunteers, the injured Lantau water buffalo has been gradually recovering.
The whale ran aground on this beach.
He speaks from such lofty heights, mortals like us will never understand.
He failed a maths course so he has to retake it now.
You only eat a piece of butter and jam on toast for lunch. Is it enough?
The boss has ordered us to work overtime tonight.
My boss asked us to work this Sunday.
Waiter, a pot of Shui Hsien tea please!
The old wound on my waist has not yet healed. Once I bend down it hurts.
He is capable of getting whatever he wants.
It's Lunar New Year. Let's buy a peach tree!
People in the ancient times did not wear shorts.
If you change now, you can still become a good person again.
Ling is a cultured and elegant girl.
The words are arranged too closely among themselves, how can one read them?
Upon arrival at the hospital she was certified dead.
Whether a pair is close or not does not only depend on distance.
Chop chop, be decisive, being hesitate makes you less able to work efficiently.
This game requires cooperation of the whole to finish.
This opens up a new world for us.
This company sued for copyright infringement, but the cost of bringing this to court may even be higher than the original loss.
14 divided by 3 is 4, and the remainder is 2.
Middle-aged men usually face the crisis of hair loss.
I am learning to cook recently, the temperature inside the kitchen is quite demanding. You wouldn't even need five minutes to be sweaty.
This company has just had a unprecedented record of profit hike, better rake in some of their shares.
This losing team is often defeated overwhelmingly by their opponents.
Can you be reasonable?
This person tells lies very often. Our company will never hire him again.
I was touched up on the MTR today!
That store overprices its goods; the bag costs 2000 dollars despite the faux leather.
Eid Mubarak is a Muslim festival.
He was trapped in the mountains for hours before he was rescued.
Rumours about paper tissue shortage are spreading on the Internet, leading to panic buying.
If the direction is wrong, it can't work no matter how hard you work.
"If I say something, I'll do it." That's my motto.
Ah-sze has been working hard for ten years and finally her talents started being noticed in the financial sector.
A man was beaten up by a gang on the streets at midnight.
Accompanied by the teacher, students are welcome to walk around freely in the exhibition hall.
Have you registered as a voter yet?
Long time no see! Why does your face change that much?
Only one hour's left before lunch. Don't eat too much now!
Knowing there was no hope to rekindle the relationship, she cried for the whole night.
He doesn't breathe. It seems like he is dead.
Hey, the enemies are storming the gate, why are you still not responsive?
If one truly wants to learn it, it is impossible to fail.
This debate competition was full of obstacles. Luckily, we won in the end.
I have an exam next week, so I can't hang out these few days.
Let's calm down before we discuss this issue.
There's no space for strollers in here. Can you fold it up and leave it at the entrance?
Upon graduation from medical school, he immediately started his own practice in Central right away.
When he started his career, he made a clean sweep of the medals.
The ball will begin soon, how come you still haven't put on make up?
He got a strong body from daily workouts in a gym.
He has a very attractive aura about him.
He lends me $100000 to help me through the urgency.
The May Fourth Movement was a student-initiated political movement.
Her dad gave her capital for running her business.
Every time his mother urges him to get married, A-kit can offer a new excuse to stall.
Just now in the ring, A-ming delivered a punch of tremendous power, knocking A-chung out cold in a single hit.
The concert tonight is so awesome!
They used a whole ten years to complete this project.
For the record, this task can take a long time.
Freeze, everyone hands up, lean against the wall!
Every morning the maidservant would help the master get dressed.
I've told him off for many times, but he's still like that.
Christmas is coming, date me earlier.
He's always talking this and that about others, I've already heard enough.
It's not much, but here's a red pocket for your birthday!
How good it would be if he were as well-behaved as his cousin.
There are streams of bustling people at the Victoria Park on the night of Mid-Autumn Festival.
He has his father's heroic spirit, but still has his mother's wit and intelligence.
I am following international news these days.
I didn't want to be the chairman, but my classmates forced me
He is pacing around in his room.
He's sweating and tremulous; seems like he's in severe withdrawal. Should we send him to the hospital?
Doesn't he control his mind? Or is he going too wild?
The pencil is tough. How can you break it off?
Messi got his shit together and scored a hat trick against Atltico Madrid.
Let me store the wine in the refrigerator first.
All movies directed by him are very popular, and each ends up making over ten million dollars at the box office.
After days of heavy rain, the water level of reservoir rose by one meter.
you can eat without thinking, but you should not talk in the same way. Many lovers break up because of faux passes.
Today I went to play with my two nephews.
Natural minerals contain many impurities.
Compared to Ling, I'm considered quite tall.
Never do things by halves.
Be quick, put the tools back!
Your biggest weakness is you're too shy.
Use four words to form a sentence.
We were about to go barbecue, but then it started to rain.
We didn't lose any money, that's the only silver line.
I see him as a friendly person.
Wow! You are so witty!
She runs every day for health.
These several groups of emoticons are cute.
You unfilial son! You did so many awful things to provoke your father. Do you want to drive him to his grave?
Please describe the things you have experienced when you set up your company.
Your wife is angry at you and you still don't want to comfort her?
A wrong voltage setting will burn out the device.
Why are you so kindhearted today?
He hasn't got any selfie on Instagram.
Have you ever experienced standing upright for 10 hours straight? I have.
The rain is slanting in. Close the window quickly.
In a media gathering, the official mentioned tactics against the recent protests.
Ever since the father died in an accident, the mother and the son had been dependent on each other for survival.
Since you spent thousands for your computer, there is no reason for you to be all grumpy about missing out the chicken feed of a complementary mouse-pad.
She is in a bad mood as her period just started today.
The murderer killed his ex-girlfriend and then cut up her corpse to pieces.
Let's surround him! Don't let him go!
Remember to backup your important files.
If you don't want to wear glasses anymore, settle the matter once and for all by doing the laser eye surgery.
We hope that we can cater to needs of various ethnic groups.
Be careful of that person, he might just want to pretend and to steal stuff from your home.
Tonight we received a lot of banquet gift-money. We are breaking even.
You can't ignite the bomb when the fuse is wet.
During the late Qing Dynasty, China was humiliated and had its sovereignty forfeited.
Don't come so close to me, I have a flu.
During the SARS plague, there were pharmacies that hoard face masks and disinfectants.
Ah-na has bought a beautiful red headscarf.
Kowloon was ceded to the UK by the Qing dynasty in 1860.
There is no stop for this minibus route all along until it reaches Mongkok.
He gets quite drunk and dances.
You can sing very well. Why don't you join the singing contest? Don't hesitate!
I don't understand what the hand gesture she made means.
But do good grades guarantee a university place? Well, not necessarily.
Her daughter, two years of age, scribbled over the walls in the house, and she was incensed.
Should there be any disputes between the Chinese and English versions, the English version will prevail.
I assure you I will definitely not let the secret out.
Macau gives money to citizens every year. It is crazy.
All travellers please queue up.
The police will implement crowd management measures in the Lan Kwai Fong area.
I called him some days ago.
She always sexually assaulted by the boss. She decided to tell all these to the boss's wife.
I wonder whether I will live to see universal suffrage in Hong Kong.
It's been half a year but he still isn't over his ex.
I won't do anything illegal.
It seems that he will not be coming today.
Quinoa is dubbed a "superfood".
You did promise me, and now you deny?
He will go to visit South Africa next month.
Dim sum cart has become a rare sight in Hong Kong.
I've prepared all the dishes, but forgotten to cook the rice.
This situation made him embarrassed.
Since my debtor committed suicide and was dead, my debt cannot be paid back.
Doing business in Lunar New Year fair venues usually attracts a lot customers but is still not profitable.
The murderer is still at large.s
The thief went to Sai Kung to hide from the police.
I've struggled on for as long as I can, but now I'm at the end of the line.
Oh, that young actress sings out of tune, not very well.
I have only little knowledge about library science.
Sorry, we're closing soon. Would you mind settling up now?
It seems that you have not known the implication well yet.
During 1940s and 1950s, the living environment of the underprivileged was very poor.
Please excuse him for his faults, as he is still a child and not worldly enough.
The United Nations was founded after WWII.
He is warm-hearted and likes greeting guests.
After 10 years of investigation, the police can finally figure out the man behind this murder case.
After a few years in jail, Siu Ming eventually turns over a new leaf.
Tomorrow is the deadline, we'll have to work even faster than normal to finish it tonight.
I fully understand how distressed it is to lose a family member.
The road to the earthquake-stricken area was severely damaged. Relief supplies could only be delivered by helicopter.
Ever since he retired, he hasn't set foot outside his house, and concentrates on writing his book.
You are meant to marry each other.
He made good use of the people's anti-war sentiments and won the election as a result.
What happened? Why have you got bruises everywhere?
Grandpa, grandma, dad and mom, bon apptit!
Don't touch it. You have to pay compensation for any damage.
You pretend to know what you don't really know. Please stop showing off.
In every Catholic diocese, there should be at least one church open to the public continuously.
Oh, you've eaten already! But I've already bought breakfast for you.
Why is she so happy? She's dancing, singing and so on.
How dare you rip the cheque up! Are you mad?
Jon knows nothing at all.
Every penny and every dime should be utilised appropriately.
You want to promote to the next class? It seems you are slightly under-qualified.
He's already been in a coma for a month. As a doctor, I can't tell whether he will wake up either.
20 can be divided exactly by 5, without a remainder.
Don't just keep on doing, you have to pause and check if any wrong during the process.
I'm so upset. Someone come cheer me up.
The way penguins walk is so funny.
He was just saying that he was exhausted, yet still he finds the strength to leap for a seat while boarding the metro.
Foreign doctors who want to practise in Hong Kong need to take an examination to obtain a license.
The tickets sold out within a week.
A total of 56 students were awarded a scholarship this year.
I want to buy more, but my hands are not free.
I suspect my wife is cheating on me. I have hired a private detective to keep an eye on her.
I feel very bad about the dinner with mother-in-law last night.
I have ten grandchildren and one great-grandchild. The great grandchild is three-months old.
Maintaining genital hygiene is particularly important for females.
He may not seem to have received good education, judging from his outfit. In fact, he speaks fluent English.
He knows how to enjoy his life so much that he vocations whenever he is free.
The cunning thief escaped from the backdoor after telling the cop that he needed to use the toilet.
This meal costs $253.2. Excluding the small changes, the five of us will pay 50 dollars each.
My home address is 7 Nathan Road.
You can walk through the bridge to enter the mall.
He is just a mouthpiece. He doesn't have a say.
The Hang Seng Index is racing towards 15,000.
The cracked skin on your hand is getting serious. Get some ointment!
He is playful that he always plays outside home until very late.
Why do you hold an umbrella when there is no rain? It's ridiculous.
Do you dare to parachute into the sea?
It's late in night. You shouldn't overstay your welcome.
I wish everybody joy and happiness in the new year.
[ChatGPT]Wishing the newlyweds a happy and prosperous life with many children and grandchildren.
Oh boy, being greedy will lead one into poverty! Don't expect your today's effort can make profit immediately.
[ChatGPT]The Hong Kong team defeated the Dutch players by a score of 4-1.
It is heard that some human possess the ability to suspend their body in air.
Does believing in Jesus give you eternal life?
We went back on defense swiftly in order not to give the opposite side any chance to attack as possible.
The hotel's operator was just going through the motions. He completely ignored my questions.
Recently he's been working so hard to get rid of his nerdy way of living, now he looks so different than before.
He wants to marry a Japanese woman.
Studying overseas and not staying with my parents, I can do whatever I want!
You'll "resign" me unless I say yes? You're trying to  "crush a crab with a boulder".
Teachers should not punish students unreasonably.
He is so broke that he went to the pawnshop to pawn his bedsheet.
If you are losing too much menstrual blood, you need to see a doctor.
Their secret conversation was tapped and recorded.
There are many relatives of the boss working here, watch your words!
Back in the day, the multiplication song was printed on the back of exercise books.
I don't know what I've wrongly eaten, but now my acne is worsening again.
Kids, please repeat what I read.
Ah Keung is a bad kid; don't hang out with him.
I have been doing nothing at home for months.
Peter Pan is a good friend of children.
He did't seek help from doctors when he was sick. Unsurprisingly, he died a few days later.
After a while no one will remember it.
You need to light the fuse to explode the explosive.
The TV station has recorded losses for years on a row and suffered a great loss of audience. Its doomsday is almost there.
Once mum went out, he immediately took the opportunity to play computer games.
According to the statistics, the number of participants this year exceeds that of last year.
Please tell me the whole story from beginning to end in no time!
This tennis master unwillingly accepted the 1st runner-up in the championship.
The latest game will be put up for sale in October this year.
I'm working on something and it's hard to stop right in the middle, but I'm really hungry now.
You have three years' experience. That means you can apply for a wide range of job vacancies.
He's very absent-minded. He never fails to forget to bring his keys.
My grandma is reluctant to eat cold food because it may hurt her teeth.
Walking downhill with a hiking staff reduces impact on your knees.
It is said that covering one's eyes with ox's tears would grant one the ability to see ghosts.
If you come watch the football match, would your wife be mad at you because you don't stay with her?
I am thinking about whether I should install a dashcam.
I'm going on a date with him tomorrow. I'm so nervous now!
Pay attention to the shadows on the model's face during outdoor portrait photography.
Don't be fooled by her pitiful look; she is only hoping to gain your trust for her benefit.
This flight is going to take off for London in 10 minutes.
War is like a game of chess, preempting your opponents is key to success.
Yes. I borrowed a hundred grand from my sister.
Nowadays the economic situation is so poor. Benefits like promotion or getting a rise are no longer viable.
He usually spends most of his time on waiting - takes actions only at an opportune moment.
Whether we will succeed or not depends on how much effort we put in.
Hardly any passing from you are reachable, I am running out of breath chasing them.
If my financial circumstances were favourable, I would want to study abroad too.
My mother is a full-time housewife.
I want to wait until it's cooled down. When everyone calms down, we can then consider how we should handle this.
The atmosphere is too tense for me, so I made a few jokes to loosen it up.
Why that person can be re-employed after retirement?
This area is strategic. It is easy to defend and hard to invade.
The gangster hid inside an abandoned building.
There's no doubt that she is a good person, but she doesn't know how to be a good boss.
Why exactly is it like this? Let's take a look together.
The new term is about to begin. It's time to recruit our successors of the society.
Her husband is a male chauvinist. He doesn't allow her to find a job.
He likes to meet women that have initiative.
You should celebrate your promotion!
Remember to look after me when you become a billionaire.
Many people will travel around to visit various scenic spots when they have time.
There are many informers of the boss in the company.
You brat! How dare you steal my stuff!
She put the letter back into the envelope.
In one stroke, he pointed out a flaw in the theory.
This kid is very smart.
When overtaking a stopped vehicle, keep your distance in case someone suddenly opens a door.
They plan to buy a massage armchair and place it in the living room.
Don't dominate with your aggressive speech. Give your mates a chance to speak up.
My mother had taught me that, the best way to cook rice is to use a clay pot.
The fuel is getting more expensive these days.
Hey, look at that girl. She's quite pretty.
He has committed such a huge mistake, how can you harbour him?
The notes will carry a coupon rate of between 2 and 2.5 per cent.
This playground is a place full of my childhood memories.
The seeds of the rice were sown in spring.
Make sure you have everything done before you leave!
In case something bad happens, call me immediately.
Some say that having sex with a woman on her period is more prone to causing inflammation.
My dear friend, you can buy it at mates' rate of 10 percent off.
Your boss. You said you'd pay for the tea, but you used the toilet excuse to flee.
[ChatGPT]I will travel alone through thousands of mountains, there's no need to see me off.
Summer is coming. I enjoy visiting the bookstore and just reading without buying them every day.
You have a 15-minute break so you can close your eyes and have a rest!
Many Hongkongers emigrated to foreign countries before 1997.
You seem to have some original ideas.
The creation of a work of art depends principally on inspiration.
The police are going to apply to the court for a warrant to search.
People now prefers scattering bone ash into the sea.
Typically the car lasts over 20 years if it is a vintage car.
Many people in this office would gossip and play workplace politics, watch out.
Smile in a more relaxed way, don't smile like you're being forced to.
Fame and wealth will persist throughout your life.
He just pretends to be dumb. Save your breath.
My mother has superb baking skills.
You want me to  treat you a meal? No way!
Can you do me a favor and replace your tattered bag?
This bra contains very thick pads.
Mom has scolded me for a while. You should speak out and say something nice for me!
past exam paper
Can you end the phone call? It's been three hours...
That light is flashing! It might be a distress signal!
I scored zero mark in the test. My teacher said she wanted to see my parents.
This product will hit the market next month.
to escape from exam-oriented education.
Ah Bing and her boyfriend are giving each other the silent treatment.
It is now typhoon signal 10 and you still go out to play on street, do you really weary of your long life?
Different road sections are subject to different speed limits.
My elder sister works as a salesperson for famous brands.
He doesn't have a cent in his pockets, and you are still counting on him to pay the bill?
If you don't want to be picked out, you should lower your head.
During the quiet night, I like sitting in the living room by myself and read a book.
The old women have bad legs, so they could not walk fast.
He didn't understand no matter how hard I tried to explain. I'm so fed up with him.
The advocates for relocation of the capital think that it could alleviate the stress of population growth and facilitate development.
That blob of green mucus he coughed out is gross.
Dad bought a new smartphone and is trying to figure out how to take a selfie.
Tuen Mun Highway has just occurred traffic accident involving seven vehicles, the cars are stacking up like a pyramid, a real trouble this time.
The Xiang language, Xiang cuisine, and the Xiang culture is very distinct.
His album is released today.
The Hong Kong banking system is robust and sound. Banks have sufficient supply of banknotes to meet the needs of the public.
Ms Wong is a well-known boss that many people work for her.
They are secretly dating each other, and in fear of bumping into someone they know, they are taking their dates abroad.
After my son learns how to walk, he'll be all around the house.
Twenty degrees Celsius is equivalent to sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit.
The flowers and grasses grew all over the hillside.
How much wages do you have per month?
This is a man-made disaster.
The red hand band circles her hand.
Damn you hooligans  truly the scum of society.
At the crossroads two vehicles collided.
He is all by his lonesome for Christmas.
I dozed off in a daze as soon as I closed my eyes.
Ming is now the talk of the town, and old gossips about him have been rehashed in the media.
From a lower position to a higher position, he was a assistant in the past and now he is a manager.
Getting a mortgage is a good idea. You can save up money, you have a place to live, you have an investment, and when you get old, you can sell the property and rent another apartment, and slowly use up the proceeds.
You are the one who made this big mess for the company; you really need to come up with something to clear it up.
Citizens please obey the police's instructions.
You better fill in the application form quickly!
This pen has a thick diameter, and it's hard to grip.
Can you spend more time at home instead of going out and drinking with your friends every night?
I find that I don't digest milk easily.
Where is the fun of going on a holiday if you think about money all the time?
Fleshlights are the savior of nerds like me.
This is the first time I hired an interior decorator. Can someone please help review this quotation?
His business folded  couldn't manage to break even.
You'd better not to be involved with those unscrupulous people.
He said he would be moving out just to grudge against you
Jim Rogers said that the government should abolish the Federal Reserve.
Many illegal immigrants work as illegal workers.
Even if you go to the ends of the earth, I'll still find you.
Are you going to make me angry?
This trip to China helped me understand Chinese history and culture better.
Do you really understand what I'm talking about?
In my childhood Mum often said I would be a street cleaner if I did not study well. But actually, what's wrong with that?
This company has a lot of weird rules. For example, they don't allow employees to come back to the office before 9 o'clock.
I always go to see the traditional Chinese physician to do Cupping therapy.
You must not sound the horn within the hospital area here.
[ChatGPT]This female star's photo album is her treasure.
He always loves to play jokes on people around him.
Never mind him, he loves meditating.
The fabric will be constantly stirred in its vats during the process of dyeing.
After the war broke out, I left the chaotic city, Shanghai.
This case was handled by him, it is none of my business!
The cost of living in HK is getting  much higher and higher than before.
This movie has put too much emphasis on violence.
Please help me to figure it out.
Mr. Chan donates his income of a month to a charity organisation.
Dad has bought a car as our wedding present.
When she gets drunk, she sings casually.
There is little to no gap between me and my dad, we can literally talk about everything.
I visit my grandma every week.
[ChatGPT]This young man is worth considering. He is responsible and cares for others, but won't speak seriously.
This thug terrorizes the streets with his gang.
The model is broken. Help me fix it with some super glue.
It seems that your scalp is not very healthy.
After that activity, we do not have any intersection.
They were defeated in the football match.
I gonna be doomed this time, I left my homework at home.
The press should report honestly on this accident.
The decoration of this room is too dull.
Jenny is in love with a married man because he is mature and experienced.
How could you make the business break even with just a few customers?
He hopes that he and his lover can see each other all the time.
We have waited for a long time already. Is it ready yet?
This young woman kept eating one egg after another. It wasn't long until she had downed ten eggs.
You are really goddamn very smart, you are.
This trip has changed the course of his life.
The hamburger steak is tender and juicy.
Harsh training is essential to learn Kung Fu.
How old are you? Why are you immature like this?
I realised that she was a bit unhappy.
The manager always has to deal with people who complain.
You dress like a hipster, but are in fact an #MK .
He sped through to Mong Kok once he got into his car.
As a girl, being so dirty is really shameful.
In the past, the Kowloon Walled City was an area which did not fall under jurisdiction of the three governments, so it was regarded by many as a chaotic place.
Staying together is most important for our strike. We should not go back to work on our own just because we can't stand it.
The stock you recommended went up a lot. Tonight's dinner is on me.
You broke your promise. How can you blame me for not forgiving you?
It would be awful if you really think in this way!
He is in a really good shape, thanks to those pull-ups he does every day.
Nobody knows what role his father played in his childhood.
Keep your hands steady when holding a camera.
The new year's flower market has just begun. Let's go and crash the scene.
The best activity in the holiday is to date the mahjong mates to play a few rounds.
There are many brothels on this street.
I understood and straightened my ideas out as soon as the teacher explained it.
He fell from the 5th floor, with his whole body impacting the ground. There's no way he survived.
This flyover is several hundred meters above the ground. It's terrifying to walk across it.
He is a city person after all as he prefers to enjoy air conditioning.
These apprentices we hired this year are quite hard-working and willing to learn.
All of his money was cheated by women, now wherever he goes, he is taunted by people.
Receipts need to be stamped for the tax refund.
For those who never gain weight no matter how much they have eaten, tell them to cosplay skeletons in Halloween this year!
At that moment, I figured out how to solve this math problem.
The boss doesn't look happy today. You ought to be careful!
If you have a question, ask it now, don't blame this and that afterwards.
What you've done overall is too much.
It's every man for himself. If you suck, you get eliminated. That's just how society works.
The world is changing constantly, no one knows what will happen tomorrow.
The roast pork is burnt, don't eat it.
He's easily persuaded by others with just a few words and consented to buy insurance.
She is a big fan of Apple, having bought every Apple products.
I have been admitted into CUHK, and do not have to take the DSE exam anymore.
Teenagers are the future pillars of society.
The computer won't boot up.
to bring a box of cigarettes through Customs (which is illegal in Hong Kong)
Mrs. Wong has decided to get baptized at Christmas and officially join the church.
Making mistakes is okay as long as you are willing to correct them.
So it was just like what you said.
Nothing can undermine my beliefs.
The simple look of wallpaper in plain colour looks pretty fine too.
Everyone was stunned by the news.
Can you summarize the main points please?
You often give empty promises. No wonder nobody believes you!
I received help from him in the past. Now that he is in trouble, given that I have the means to help him, why should I not lend him a hand?
Don't have to copy the digits after the decimal point; just round off.
Why did you have to go against your conscience, to swindle his money?
It is so late now, better not bother you any more, I'm going home.
In order to raise their kids, many parents have given up their own dreams.
It's fine when you two were arguing against each other, but why would you drag me in and call me fat?
How could the car move when the engine's down?
Whales can dive for several hours on a single breath.
Women in the Middle East have to wear a veil.
He has lifted weights for a few months. Now he looks significantly less bony and thicker.
I am empathetic for you, but I can't even take care of myself now. I'd really want to but there is no way I could help.
You unfilial son ! You did so many evil affairs to provoke your mum, do you want to drive her to the grave ?
This time there is an event that lasts 5 consecutive nights.
I love to watch the parade when I go to Disneyland.
My fortune this year is not really good.
I still miss meals at home even when going overseas.
He makes his boss a mere figurehead with two years of trickery and power games.
He lost the ability to reproduce because of an accident.
Although they have been married for many years, they are still very much in love with each other.
The billionaire's daughter was kidnapped.
I dropped my phone on the ground carelessly, so I bent down to pick it up.
Do you folks prefer paying to learn for self-enrichment or working to earn money?
This sofa costs only a thousand dollars. It's worth buying.
Excessive protection of children is not necessarily a good thing for the children.
This competition is really a great test of stamina.
I always ride stationary bicycle while watching television.
The interview shall be published in mid-September.
Tonight is the London derby of Premier League, with Arsenal compete against Chelsea.
We need to buy stationery like pencils, erasers, rulers, etc.
Local residents complained about the nuisance caused by constant noises.
Pay attention to my fabulous kick.
Primary school students stamp their names on their books.
Come to join us to have lunch together!
After hearing the news, he had a heart attack and was sent to hospital.
Does it work to implement a territory-wide opt-out organ donation scheme in Hong Kong?
The project you asked me to help is nearly completed.
Don't be sad. I promise the weather tomorrow will be good.
The ice pop is almost expired, eat it first.
That was a great overhead hit! And a great save for his opponent as well!
He studies human genetics in university.
The fast food restaurant was going south and withdrew from the market in Hong Kong at last.
The focal point of this essay lies in its conclusion.
I had a threesome with twin sisters last night!
Many pop singers in Hong Kong perform overseas.
See your bad looking, no one would think you can be rich.
We'll arrive at 5 O'clock.
He would give vent to his anger by beating his wife.
The airplane ran out of fuel in the air.
Anyway, I'll give you my resignation letter as soon as possible.
He gave me a ride to here this morning.
Waiter, give us two baskets of Siu-mai please.
Show your muscle.
All descendants return to the village to celebrate grandpa's birthday.
There is an impassable difference between being slender and having a spare tire.
The outcome of this debacle is heart wrenching.
He earns a six-figure salary.
[ChatGPT]You're so scary, everyone is afraid of you.
He's had to face double trouble from both losing his job, as well as breaking up with his girlfriend at the same time.
I didn't cause this fiasco. There's no point in getting upset with me!
Go talk to that guy to find out whether he's in a gang.
The two halves of the structure did not go well together.
The government spent 40 million dollars to educate the public on the dangers associated with smoking
Don't press me for an answer anymore, I won't tell you.
He defeated his opponent within three minutes.
The reinforcements are coming. Just hold your position!
The protesters occupied two basketball courts of the park.
On holidays I like travelling to the seaside to watch waves splashing on rocks.
It's not healthy to be a night-owl.
He's been work-shy over the years. He can do nothing, but he disguises himself as a gentleman.
This beauty contest was a mockery -- the winners were chosen long before the competition.
How are you going to spend your Christmas holidays?
Anniversary of Chinese Communist Party is on the 1st of July.
Not being able to go out due to the rainy weather makes me so depressed.
Legend has it that the Guangxu Emperor was poisoned to death by Empress Dowager Cixi.
After the interview, could you come with us to the library for taking a pillow shot or two.
eating noodles until started slurping
She doesn't say a word about what happened in her childhood.
What? You forgot to bring your tent when going to wild camping?
You scolded him in front of the people, making it very hard for him to get rid of the embarrassing situation.
This newspaper prints news of sex and violence to wow its readers.
Before his interview, he bought a tailor-made suit.
He/She is very self-centered. He/she won't listen to others' opinions.
This university is not only the best of Hong Kong, but also of Asia.
He refuses to talk about the incident that happened yesterday.
My bird likes to eat grasshopper very much.
Excuse me, do you know how can I go to the Peak?
With the great effort of the firemen, the fire was finally put out.
The staff is really discontent with their company because the company keeps cutting employees' welfare.
Many Malaysians speak Hokkien.
The failure at that time really discouraged me.
Watching fireflies in summer is romantic.
Their relationship is stable. Even when something happens, they will face it together.
The first derivative of x is 2x.
He dives to enjoy the view of coral.
He is stubborn. It is useless to talk to him.
Remember to put the leftovers in the fridge to keep them fresh.
When will you redeem the jewellery from the pawn shop?
Having sexual intercourse during women's ovulatory period increases the chance of pregnancy.
There's a bottle of water on the desk. I don't know who left it behind.
He had just two sips of Long Island Iced Tea, then he passed out.
She started to switch between sugar daddies since eighteen.
I only have a rough idea about this topic and still need to learn more.
The height of this person should be 1.8 m by my own visual inspection.
The University of Hong Kong is situated at the Mid-levels West on the Hong Kong Island.
He is the defender in this ball game and is responsible for guarding.
She hopes the bad guy who raped her can be punished by law.
I will drink sometimes.
They are ostracizing me and wanted to get rid of me by taking a different bus route after school.
I've driven for only 3 turns this morning. Not many people have taken the rides.
Eason Chan is the one and only star of our generation.
He was made fun of by others at school. Therefore he didn't want to go to school.
Heck, you want me to complete writing ten articles in one hour.  How am I supposed to it? Why don't you go bet your life on it?
We have to step up measures to deal with this problem.
Life is bound to have some regrettable matters.
If that's the case, I'm staying home then.
This is a special case.
I'm so sick. I even don't have the energy to move my arms and legs. How can I work?
Due to inflation, the construction cost of this runway has increased by ten percent.
For doing such things, he deserves harsh criticism after appearing in the news.
He is now no longer a popular singer.
Despite its tense political situation, it still attracts a flock of tourists.
After being stabbed, he endured the severe pain and walked to the hospital by himself.
He's reserved in front of strangers.
I felt somewhat disappointed when I heard this news.
Not too many people liked him when he first debuted as a singer.
Seems that there is the Leonid meteor shower tonight, and tomorrow is a holiday, let's go stargazing!
Every movement of this celebrity is so elegant.
It's time to plan for my own means of living.
It is very unreasonable of you to have the say in everything.
He gave a snort to express his contempt.
[ChatGPT]Even the so-called "tips" are known by everyone.
Here comes Mr Chan to the rescue! He's willing to lend us money!
He would proactively help carry heavy things for others, he is really thoughtful and considerate.
I'm a sensitive sleeper that just a little bit noise can wake me up.
I obtained two unclassified in CEE.
Rest in peace, I'll take care of mom.
The drainage service department often deals with contractors; it's a real gold mine if you're looking for profit.
The symptoms of cholera are vomiting and diarrhoea.
Don't put the rubbish bin at the door, it'll get in the way of people entering and leaving.
He thinks he's very pretty? I wanna puke!
She is still a virgin, old and unmarried. That's why she has so much time to be a troublemaker.
He asked a penetrating question.
There will be a chemistry doctor sharing in the seminar tomorrow.
Some people feel that tightening Chinese people travel to Hong Kong will affect Hong Kong's economy, which is a closed-door policy.
The company has decided to have you promoted to General Manager, effective from September.
If those who attacked the LegCo were those exerting great influence in the Opposition, wouldn't the Department of Justice give up on appealing?
The prices in this store are clear and fixed, so you don't need to bargain.
How can you work so carelessly?
He was fired for being late for work all the time.
He is a practical person. He never talks about ideals!
One must refill his bowl of rice when having meals during Chinese new year.
His performance filled the whole theatre with laughter.
"It's twelve already. Stop playing video games and go to bed." "Uh-huh."
I want to apologize to everyone.
SARS crushed Hong Kong's economy in 2003.
A-fung writes calligraphy and draws Chinese paintings with an ink brush well.
I would like to buy a tabouret for my little son.
He is so fat. That's cute.
He is in charge of the project this time.
The exam is as easy as ABC. It would be a shame if someone couldn't get an A.
The evening party tonight was so impressive.
The children are too active to sit quietly.
So it turns out that your ego will only be boosted in front of that girl!
How can I wear this creased shirt?
Mixed beans sweet soup with taro came from Malaysia.
[ChatGPT]Many of the statues in Hong Kong's temples are said to have floated over from the sea.
The boss fight is soon over. Guys, keep up the effort and finish him!
Strawberry Sundae is not as sweet as the chocolate one.
After the sterilization, the cat lost the scrotum.
He takes care of his body. He takes the right supplements, and always brings a thermos of warm water with him whenever he goes out.
It is totally unnecessary to stick to the small things.
The travel agency is inconsiderate in arranging a man and a woman who hardly know each other to stay in the same hotel room.
The explanation here is written in Cantonese.
Once I see her cry my mind goes into turmoil.
You approach me for no other reason but money.
He couldn't put up with his boss's temper, so he quit.
Hold tight and don't loosen your grip! I'm coming to help you now!
This day is worth remembering.
The LAN cable was left by the previous resident of my room.
The police found a large amount of cocaine in his luggage.
How can he forget his son on the bus? Just unbelievable.
She discovered that her husband was cheating and divorced him immediately.
I have a day off tomorrow. Shall we go hiking?
I miss you so much that I see you when I dream.
The company has been in deficit for many years, now it has come to a dead end.
I fully appreciate the novel I am reading.
He has been talking for so long. When is it going to end?
Ming studied overnight at the last minute.
Her handwriting is very scratchy, it's difficult to read.
What are you hiding behind your back?
This job could act as the springboard of the next project.
Get lost, fat chick. You're blocking my way.
I learnt many things in the past three years.
These cartoon cars are just things for looking at, they aren't useful at all. They would die out after walking a few miles later.
Norway has a very long coastline with lots of fjords.
There's really nothing more refreshing on a summer's day than a cold beer.
There are CCTVs in every corners, the government is watching every move of everyone without a hitch.
I have been working continuously for fifteen hours, completely exhausted.
This time tomorrow I'll be in the Mainland China.
Don't give in to her demands all the time, or buy her everything she asks for.
The aircon is too strong. It's bloody freezing!
She chose to turn a blind eye to this accident.
Women ovulate once a month.
Chiu most likely cannot come to have barbecue.
As the ages went by, the computer became extremely common.
Siu Ming thinks that the teacher favours the monitor, so he dislikes the monitor.
This passage is the abstract of the speech this time.
The police received all sorts of criticism on how this matter was handled.
He often speaks nonsense and offends people.
With the advent of mobile phones, fewer and fewer people jot notes in notepads.
I had told you not to meddle with my affairs. You are just shooting yourself in the foot.
She was so mad she left! It's all because of you!
[ChatGPT]Don't you dare take advantage of my kindness! I really helped you for nothing!
To perform anaesthetization and surgery requires inserting a tube in the throat.
I cannot read maps; this really baffles me!
He had no raison d'tre, so he started learning different things.
Stop talking bullshit everywhere!
All leather goods here in my factory are hand-crafted. Those mass-produced products simply can't compare.
Hurry up. It will be bad if we miss the flight.
To bring up the next generation is the inherent responsibility of parents.
The railings were seriosly distorted after the crash.
Everybody knows this; do I even need to say it out?
This artificial flower looks similar to the real one.
This unit is fairly new with excellent facilities. What a gem!
He comes back to work in Hong Kong only after he fails to making a living in Canton.
I almost got killed in a car accident a year ago. Now I'm still frightened when I think of it!
So many young people are angry at the government. The governing body should include these young people.
It's as dark as night here; I can't see anything.
As long as we can act together, we must be able to break into the city.
Today I attended a workshop and learnt Chinese calligraphy.
Each time he has got drunk he brutally abuses his wife.
Victoria Harbour is the only landmark of Hong Kong.
In which university does your daughter plan to continue her studies?
During your trip, remember to get duty refund.
Schools will resume classes in phases as scheduled.
The new boss has shown us severity on his first day of work.
No matter how much he talks about it, he is just repeating himself.
All parents want their kids become a good person to the society.
As he is so nasty, let's ignore him!
Shut up! You want me to kill you?
The discussion is all over the city.
With that incredible build he has the makings of a martial artist!
You're embarassing him by asking him to apologise in public.
Go buy some flowers to decorate the hall.
The thief snatched his briefcase.
He often parties till late night, returning home only after 4 or 5 am.
Don't walk so fast. Can I have a rest?
[ChatGPT]The London gold scam has been talked about for so many years, but there are still people falling for it.
I used to sing nursery rhymes always when I was small.
Birds are all oviparous animals.
In marriage, the groom will pay his bride-price and the bride will pay her dowry.
What is your job title?
I'm stepping out for several minutes. Ring me on the mobile if anything.
His mom was so mad at him that her eyes were coming out of their sockets.
It doesn't matter how much you pay, just do as you please.
He is my enemy! No mercy!
Your big tummy was once a six-pack.
His life fell apart after he lost his job.
He has been in the same position for 5 or 6 years. Today, he is still an office assistant.
Hello team, we're crossing the border from Poland to Germany now. There is no need to stop at border control as both countries are in the Schengen zone.
What are your plans for next year?
The movie left an unprecedented impact on the audience.
That guy is truly a classy beggar. I donated all my money to pull him through, unexpectedly he scold me for donating so little.
The toddler just learns to walk and looks a bit clumsy.
His behavior did not involve any criminal element, the police refused to investigate.
The fruit of this tree are apples.
Don't rush me. I'm on my way!
Sri Lanka produces a vast amount of black tea.
It's raining so much... Must be that time of year around winter solstice when it keeps raining continuously.
Why the long face? The stock market crashed today. I hope you don't have any stocks?
I have dreamt about the car for long.
He has a luxury house in Kowloon Tong.
A-chung was drugged at the bar, and found that his clothes and money were all gone when he woke up.
You caused this huge trouble this time. Think of a way to deal with it yourself!
It's common to have more mosquitoes in the wilderness.
We plan to have the wedding banquet in November.
This tree is so thick and sturdy. It looks like it must be nearly a hundred years old.
This is so tough cloth; I can stretch it with all my strength and it won't even tear for a bit.
The situation is critical right now. We'd better not travel there.
We are glad to have Mr.Chan the principal here to join our interview section.
After having a good sleep, he's so full of energy.
His biggest weakness is being too soft-hearted.
To recognize and apply moral standards is better than to identify and help who makes mistakes.
You have no power to interfere with my personal freedom.
Do you understand what I mean? You look so thick-headed.
Those unsociable people always kept to themselves. Never talked to them.
Miss, you forgot your mobile phone.
Give it back to him, don't make it cry.
You have grown up and you still need your mum to tidy your bed? People will ridicule you!
How naughty you are, you won't be liked.
In Hong Kong, most Chinese dictionaries are organized according to the character's radical.
[ChatGPT]Today is my day off, why aren't you giving me face?
Once he've got 3 stars, he sends the form to apply for public housing immediately.
[ChatGPT]Many people are getting sick during this unstable weather, everyone in the office is wearing masks.
Yesterday I got my knee badly scratched on the ground again, it hurts so bad that makes me cry.
Exercising the right amount, aside from strengthening our bodies, can also eliminate fatigue.
You have all four "two"s, how come you passed the round instead of playing them? Do you know how to play Big 2?
The misprint in his article is countless.
Her result was not so satisfying at first.
How can we discuss this if you don't listen to our opinions?
The most environmentally friendly mode of transport is walking.
This hypothesis can be confirmed with a magnetic-resonance scan of the brain.
She and I are distantly related.
Let me knit you a scarf. Which yarn do you like more?
I would appraise this restaurant as 5-star.
Did your son get admitted to his first-choice school?
The market predict the increase in interest rate will be 15 basis points in mid-2022.
A-chung, you will be A-ming's partner today.
I don't use a drinking straw to drink coke. It's more satisfying to just gulp it all down.
This material is light and strong, perfect for making windproof jackets.
As it is our business, we would share the benefits after earning money.
Rather than working a tough job with low pay, why don't you run your own business instead?
I have coins that are worth $10000 at home. I could hardly use them.
Remember to listen to the radio at eight tomorrow morning.
You require the government's permission in order to use this venue.
Already got the small for 20 rounds, I don't believe it won't open big this time !
Survey this plot of land.
In my own view this plan is not practical.
Where have you been? I've been waiting for you for a couple of hours already!
I dreamed a threesome with two celebrities last night.
She lives alone and thus often feels lonely.
The folder chair isn't firm enough to stand on. Why don't you get a ladder?
I don't know how much time I'll spend on going to the top of the mountain from the foot of it.
Outside the entrance of embassy, there are a large number of soldiers watching over it.
Based on the agreement, the two boxers have to sign the death waivers before they fight.
This baby was abandoned by his parents.
There are lots of cream on the cake, so heavy.
His/her smile is very charming.
There should be much more than enough time if you arrive at the airport three hours before departure.
Last night I went to sleep early.
You didn't obey him. Do you want to die?
Why English, speak Cantonese!
This introduction to the principles of criminal psychology is useful.
Even now he does not cheat, he may still cease to be faithful one day.
Why is the story so ridiculous?
After three years of hard work, he finally conquered the Mount Everest.
I didn't see how deceitful he was, how could he climb up the corporate stairs on top of my back!
Their PR is horrible.
You took such a good photo of me. I set it as my profile pic.
Hey your build looks so nice, your pecs are even larger than your girlfriend's boobs.
Scientists have developed a new technology that allows vegetative patients to communicate with the outside world.
Wait for me, have my word. I'll definitely marry you when I'm back.
This year, I got started on the road to politics.
For those not related to the case, please leave now.
The tap is splashing water all over.
In Chinese culture, the colour red represents happiness.
It's just gutting a fish, you don't have to be afraid. Stay calm.
The centre to which I belong is recruiting tutors for their tutorial classes. Would you like to try?
Decades ago men took all the parts and women were not allowed to perform in traditional Chinese operas.
If you can't hand in your homework on time, you'll be in trouble.
It's our group's turn to present in the tutorial in a while.
The shower head sprayed water everywhere.
Studies find that pangolins are potential intermediate hosts of the new virus.
Chi-ming looks especially decent today because he is going to a speed-dating event.
Out of respect to His Majesty, Zhuge Liang did not refute Liu Bei.
When using some government online services, some authentication process is usually required to confirm your identity.
Welcome! Feel free to check out our products!
There is no relationship between the three.
I didn't eat enough for lunch, and it's still too early to eat dinner. I'm caught between two stools, so I might be better off just having afternoon tea.
You cannot assert that she was guilty without any evidence.
I am working out the plot of a movie.
We cannot measure one's success with money.
People keep extolling the benefits of entering this university programme, causing students flocking to study it.
Attack is the best defence.
The competition has reached the white-hot stage.
I have been very busy in a year and have no time for holidays.
Each company would like to expand their coverage of business.
I hate people spitting everywhere the most.
The earthquake measured 6.8 on the Richter Scale.
I'm just joking. No need to be so uptight.
He's big and tall but still behaves childishly.
Don't dress in gray. It makes you look lifeless.
The market is crashing, forced selling or go broke.
The wind is strong and the bird nest on the tree is on the verge of collapse.
When facing disasters, people are actually vulnerable.
You are such a black sheep! It is you who refused practicing that makes us failed to win the singing contest.
I remember he is a very kind person.
A lot of traffic cones are put on the both sides of the road.
Is the old lady fine these days?
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Don't reach out too far, beware of falling!
He/She is the thriftiest among all.
You're canceling the event after I made all the preparations, making all my previous efforts in vain.
It's worth mentioning that today is her birthday.
You should finish your homework quickly and watch no more TV.
You will be stronger if you practice Kung Fu.
My uncle said it was more important to do the right thing than to make a lot of money.
The chairman gave a speech of congratulation for the opening ceremony.
It's not my fault to lose, it's the lag. Blame my computer.
In the chaotic era, people protected themselves for their own survival.
Of Silvermine Bay, lies Peng Chau on the left and Cheung Chau on the right.
A good salesman has the ability to expand his client base.
Eager for jobs, many candidates aim at a batch of openings and send a batch of application letters, in hope of reply to any of them.
This disease was spread by water contaminated by faeces.
Turn up the speaker.
Every night I will look at the boundless sea of scattered stars shining afar.
The Hong Kong Government shall follow the principle of keeping the expenditure within the limits of revenues in drawing up its budget.
There is a curfew, I have to return home before 11 p.m.
The wind speed is 90 km/h.
Speaking of last year's sales performance, it was pretty good.
Any part-time jobs to recommend?
There are a couple of diners near our school.
Cooking with fire is still more preferable than microwave cooking in terms of the taste.
I guarantee you will drastically lose 20 pounds within half a month!
Why do you lay your head down?Are you unhappy?
A conservative attitude is often an obstacle to promoting reform.
The old school building is going to be torn down over the summer holidays. Come take some pictures with me before the break.
Are wooden tiles or marble tiles better for the floor?
He and his friends usually adventure into this neglected theater, playing hide-and-seek with each other on its dress circle.
If you joined the orchestra, you have the responsibility to come to the rehearsals.
I can see how dishonest he is.
I risked my life for you, but you treat me like that?
Who would put out a fire with oil? How stupid you are!
Since his gaming skills are so poor, I utterly defeated him without much effort.
The King of Norway is Harald V.
He vents his inner frustrations through the male lead's lines.
Needing to walk across this slightly slant road to commute is really exhausting.
I paid 300 dollars in cold hard cash to buy that.
He is fully immersed when performing this character.
Primary school students like giving their teachers nicknames.
I am coming, over.
The manager will say good words for you, why do you have to worry?
This is freakin' bad. My assignment is untouched at all.
If you are still naughty, Santa Claus will not give you any present!
Today is the first round of the competition, we need to make an impressive start!
I came over to have lunch with you.
Why do you turn your back to me for the whole day?
Paragraph 4 in Article 22 of the Basic Law
You are so irresponsible, just like your father!
Does anyone here have the 2016 examination papers for the Chinese subject?
You should first ask whether they want this, instead of doing it by force.
These ancient weapons were made of bronze.
Today is slightly cool, which is suitable for a picnic.
Such luxurious meal cannot be afforded by grassroots like us.
The matter has been settled. Don't think about it again.
The fluorescent tube is not lighting up, should it be replaced?
You must fight back when someone hits you.
Bousaan the clothes sewer is patching up a shirt of a native.
[ChatGPT]Your mistress is coming, do you think you'll get a bigger share?
I've bought many things recently. I'm really broke now.
Use carefully. Don't break it!
When shall we go to Tsuen Wan for hotpot again?
I will have an appointment with a client.
The water flow from the tap is too strong. It will splash everywhere.
These cardboard can be sold for 10 dollars.
Retaliating in official matters out of personal spite is not what a gentleman does.
Not a drop of ink will drip out if you hang him upside down, how will it be possible for him to slander you with posters?
He isn't really angry. He's just pretending.
His inspiration comes endlessly.
Which horse are you betting in this Derby race?
If I can find a good job elsewhere, why wouldn't I quit the current one and go for the new one?
It is obvious that he traps you to lose it all.
After "sharing economy" bicycle companies went out of business, those bicycles could only be sold off as scrap metal.
Never can he be trusted!
I have been alive for so many years, what crisis have I not experienced before?
She picked the bad egg from a basket in a matchmaking session and fell for a womanizer.
The best thing in winter is a snake soup; it's delicious and will keep your body warm.
Be quick and pay, don't look around!
Kenny is your boyfriend, and you are cooperating with his rival company. You are now helping outsiders instead of supporting your close one. Be careful, he might be angry with you.
She was jealous that the girl was prettier than herself, so she spread rumours saying that the girl has had plastic surgeries.
As the typhoon approaches, the waves become wild and turbulent.
The relations between heads of states should be equal.
You've committed such a heinous crime and you still don't know you are wrong?
There are a lot of people soliciting customers, and would not let go unless they yeilded to buy whatever they are selling.
Keep doing it bit by bit, it will be finished.
After watching the movie Young and Dangerous, he has developed a yearning to the underworld.
Nowadays many young people like online shopping.
Rather than wallowing self-pity, let's turn your grief into strength.
Selling pirated discs is illegal.
After the traffic collision in the countryside, he went to the hospital to see the doctor by himself.
A-chung is playing video game day and night.
He is always so eager to win, and he hates losing to others.
I am going to play at least 16 rounds of mahjong at my sister's home this Sunday.
Don't worry, the test is not challenging at all; it's just 50 multiple choice questions.
I was manipulated to go to Hyde Park and play happy family as a lame PR stunt by my father.
To show the great importance of this event, we invited our principal to officiate the opening ceremony.
I think these two brands are just similar.
This is an even more sensible way of doing it.
What benefit is he giving you to make you so obedient to him?
We should not give up even when we come up with difficulties.
The fire in Shek Kip Mei shantytown resulted in government-built public housing estates.
Our shop closes on the thirtieth day of the last month this lunar year, and reopens on the eighth day of the first month in the new lunar year.
It is said that goldfishes have short memories that they only remember things happened right 3 seconds ago.
It was not easy for her to get the movie tickets, but something happened and she couldn't make it.
This is so old that no one remembers where it comes from.
Earlier on the subway, an old lady tried to cut in line. Although she cut in behind me, I spoke up and told her to go to the end of the line. It felt great to see her getting embarrassed and pushing her trolley to the end of the line.
Court ushers are stationed in magistrates' courts in Hong Kong.
I would rather have a tight schedule from day to night with at least a day off, than have to attend classes separately in the early morning and the late afternoon.
We should enhance communication between each other.
Can you bring this doll to me?
He was admitted to hospital last month for a stroke. How has he been?
Because of the rain, the floor is wet and may be slippery. Please be careful.
Tung Wah Groups of Hospital received an anonymous donation.
That antiquer/antique collector decided to give all of his antiques to the museum as a present.
Let's have fun together. Don't be so aloof.
We hope that our next generation will respect their teachers and the teaching, whilst we should also set a good example for them.
Fever, headache and running nose are the symptoms of a cold.
Finish your work quickly.
A-chung went to learn beekeeping. He ended up stung so badly he got sent to the hospital.
I fell down exhausted after crossing the finish line.
Let's look at that bitch flirting the man, how horny is she?
He is so secretive. We are unable to know what is on his mind.
The Confucian school of thought believes that "li" is a crucial element for the ideal society.
I asked him to finish it before Monday, and only today he told me he totally forgot about it. He's such an unreliable person.
This location is strictly guarded. Only authorized people are allowed to enter.
There are many who abuse others' sympathy by pretending to be disabled to get donations.
I'd like to invite you to write some words for my restaurant.
Many people say dogs are loyal.
Two months of summer vacation is good enough for me.
He owns half of the property rights of this apartment.
All schools of martial arts have their own inheritance.
Please stop crying. I can treat you some ice-cream.
How long does it take to get to Central by bus / rail?
[ChatGPT]The army raided the enemy camp at night, causing chaos among the enemy.
Since the police have already completely surrounded and secured the area, the criminal should not be able to escape.
We are almost there! Don't slack!
The kids were running around inside the park.
The car is big enough to fit a few more people.
I don't know you, are you trespassing on my property?
I didn't know the answer. I just made it up.
People think there are no consequences when they speak online.
Can we try the clothes after the transfer of the fee?
The tempers of the brothers of two are completely different.
Raining makes homeless people look even more pitiful.
In order to limit the spread in the community, patients will be sent to quarantine camps.
How can this be a man, look more carefully?
Is it OK if I don't take the Chinese medicine? It's very bitter!
He wrote the lyrics for this song himself.
When you sit for a long period of time, you should stand and stretch your body at intervals.
Can you guys shut up for a while and listen to the lecture?
The Hang Seng Index fell from 20,000 to 15,000 in just one day.
Students request that the government amend the university ordinances.
We have reinforced the structure of this design.
I fell down stairs when I was little so my left hand was seriously injured.
This used to be a playground in those days.
Their team put up a good fight, but finally they were still beaten.
This is my area! No one can enter without my permission!
He went mad and ate his girlfriend.
I want to do busking, anyone?
A-ming is really getting momentous in this boxing tournament. In the round just now, he sent A-chung flying off the ring with a single punch.
He gave me a dozen apples, but many of them were rotten.
[ChatGPT]This rich guy has millions of dollars, he can give out billions if he wants.
The cops are too scared to do anything about the gang fight.
That stock has skyrocketed this morning. If I had knew that, I should have bought it yesterday. What a loss.
You are just repeating the same words again and again. Are you done?
After getting married, he has become a "good husband," and no longer goes out drinking.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women.
This song has a rhythmic bassline.
Hey, look at the mess you've made! The customers are complaining!
Precedence must be given to the injured in the evacuation plans.
People affected by the demolition may be rehoused to PRH estates if they meet the eligibility criteria.
The socks of the brothers are mixed together! Please separate them!
Now you're just rubbing salt onto my wounds.
That van gave me a fright just then when it suddenly turned the corner and nearly hit me.
After eating sweets or chocolate, remember to brush your teeth.
Why is this lens so expensive?
He will release a new album at the end of June.
You knew they were on a date  so dense of you to join them.
He always says how much he concerns about charity, but when it's time for donation, he is only fast in talking, but slow in paying.
Symphony No.5 is a famous piece of work by Ludwig van Beethoven.
This dog's facial expression is so intriguing.
Mom said she has only me as a son. The continuation of our family line is on me.
Yet another one suddenly died in his sleep yesterday!
If you find success in your career, please keep watch for me too!
How time elapses! His child will soon turn 18.
I wish to be with you forever.
He suddenly got the idea to go fishing in the pool near his home.
Shake away the crumbs that are on your clothes.
In Mainland, people don't call him "bik1 haam4", but use the name bui3-haak1-something-something instead.
If you're smart enough, you should cut the crap and hand me the money now!
He plays a buffoon in this film.
Will the sum be over budget?
It's better to stay indoors when there's danger outside.
Citizens have an obligation to report criminal offenses.
These lifts frequently skip floors. I would rather take the stairs.
They have argued for several days already, this morning they finally fought violently.
The fee for joining this travel group is 200 HKD.
Please tick the appropriate boxes.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
We'll now have a drill on the competition run down first.
He looks great in his suit.
Stop arguing with each other, the most important thing at the moment is to stay calm.
He teaches students industriously.
You have to live in a tent when you go to a wild camp.
I can't bear this responsibility.
He has lots of plots and calculations.
It is better for you to prepare more food.
The observatory hoisted typhoon warning signal No.3 before dawn.
I have made an appointment to wait for him here at five o'clock.
What's so great about being good-looking? It's not like you can swipe your face like a credit card.
The Hang Seng Index plunged below the psychological barrier of 10000 points.
I bought two flats in this building.
If you don't go, then I am not going either.
He says dirty things all the time.
During World War II, Nazi Germany initiated ethnic cleansing of the Jews.
He always have excuses when he is late.
My report is not very well-written. I'm definitely going to get a scolding from my boss at tomorrow's meeting.
God would punish those who often intimidate others in God's name.
The flooding has caused many people to lose their homes.
Cavalry has been disappearing ever since tanks took over the military scene.
The standard issue handgun of the Hong Kong Police Force is a revolver with six rounds of ammo.
These two factors are directly linked.
This restaurant serve customers with pocket-sized small rice bowl.
After we ordered the dishes, the waiter asked us how many bowls of rice we wanted. Dad said, "one for each of us!"
In just one year, I have travelled in four countries.
Who is to blame for this disaster?
You preferred boys to girls so you didn't pay for my school fee.
Easter egg and Easter Bunny are important symbols of Easter.
We're going to having some nice private home cuisine tomorrow night.
I won't give up no matter what.
A stewardess found a thief stealing others' luggage when others fell asleep.
It is really unexpected that they keep attacking you.
It's winter now so the dawn will be after 10.
They were in love for 20 years before they got married.
He took charge of the family business when his father was away.
Hey one thing after another, corruption is one thing, and affair is another, don't mix them up.
What about some snooker after school?
My tutor gave the correct tips on the exam questions again!
Beware of tripping while you skip around.
There was a saying in the past, that in Hong Kong, there is gold all over the place.
The shirt is bling and beautiful.
The Hong Kong representatives are in a dominant position in the competition now.
He moved into the mountains and has been living in seclusion.
Silly boy/girl, don't be afraid, I will protect you.
I'm hungry. Where are we going to eat?
Nowadays, parents want their children to be talented and have great display of artistry.
We can overlook the whole of Victoria Harbour from the Peak.
Win him? You must be speaking without thinking.
After Beyond disbanded, many fans wanted them to have a reunion show.
Two Asian teams made it to the top four in the World Cup this year.
Even when we face difficulties, we should never give up easily.
My mother came to Hong Kong many years ago on a smuggler boat.
It's hard being an accountant, you have to work until early morning before you can leave office.
Sao Paulo is the biggest city in South America.
She picked up her handbag and left.
A-ming is very interested in biology. He hopes to become a biologist in the future.
Having a sense of shame is an important trait that makes humans.
Please pardon us for any lack of attention.
A new character has been added to the new version of the game.
He hasn't participated in any competition since his injury.
How will you deal with this old computer?
He took care of everything in this film from casting, script writing to directing.
There're food stalls everywhere in Taiwan. I bet I'll gain 10 pounds if I go there for a week.
He had to sell his flat to repay the bank loan.
There are still unoccupied seats on the bus.
According to the existing locus, I projected a loss in the coming year for the company.
There has been an uptick in robberies recently. Citizens should be more alert.
Would you buy me a whistle? I need it for the cheer tomorrow.
Plastic is good electrical insulator.
After the scandal of using of fake materials was exposed, no one wants the products of this brand anymore.
Some boys prefer aiming at a lot of girls and dating different girls out all the time.
Ah-ching enjoys watching the drama. The drama must be good.
I just think that giving it a try is regardless.
There will be a pay-raise for lower-ranked staff according to their work performance.
She's a bit slow on the uptake, so you may have to repeat yourself a few times.
It's a combination of several factors that contributes to a sad Friday.
I want to consult my lawyer before making the decision.
He plays the role of a crooked police officer.
As a young lady, can you care more about your appearance?
Something's wrong with the computer. Does it have a virus?
Since we can't reach an agreement, let's split up!
The equator is an imaginary line which divides the globe into the Northern and Southern hemispheres.
Teachers should point out the mistakes that students make.
Is your relationship with your superior good?
We have to go back to our village every year to hold a memorial ceremony for our ancestors.
He is an upper tier. He receives a share if his subordinates strike a deal.
The young people aren't calm enough.
There is a group of addicts shooting up in the park.
His job is very undemanding. He doesn't really have much to do, and he leaves at 4:30pm every day.
As a mechanic, always having a spanner with me is only logical.
A bright and rosy cheek is a sign of good health.
During peak hours, a stream of vehicles move on the highway endlessly.
You have never failed a test? I don't believe it.
The so-called "conversion" of homosexuals is based on an inappropriate premise that homosexuality is regarded as an illness.
Recently there are many cases of burglary in village houses. Be cautious.
I feel dizzy whenever I see math questions.
This song is a recent hit. It's ridiculous that you have never listened to it.
He gave someone a drunken beating, and the beaten ordered a compensation.
The news that they're getting married took me by surprise.
Students are only required to pay HK$20.
I am so happy that I find you.
The teacher didn't rearrange our seats according to our heights at all! Being the shortest in our class, I have to sit at the back that I couldn't even see the blackboard.
The USA has great strength militarily
King Zhou is renowned as a promiscuous and extravagant king in Chinese history.
I haven't decided on who to be my assistant yet.
You are such a careless person. We can hardly trust you with anything.
As both of us have children, after a while we naturally started talking about them.
In the end he quit this love triangle, as he did not want to be entangled in it any longer.
Teacher, may I go to the washroom?
The terms of the contract are fixed so I cannot break it.
Chinese sorna is usually played in weddings and funerals.
The northern Deep Bay was the territory of Hong Kong. Since the sovereignty handover, it is now under the rule of Shenzhen.
Among all the applicants, he really stands out in the crowd. He is such a talent.
Fifteen students joined the exchange programme. In addition, two teachers acted as group leaders.
We walked for a long time. We are starving.
The conference will be focused on coal.
Castle Peak Road is the longest road in Hong Kong.
Her work experience and qualifications make her very competent at this post.
Workers must wear a safety belt because they wash the building high in the air.
Oh! I had kicked you, my bad! My bad!
These unearthed stone tools have similar decorations.
It is heard that he was lured and cheated to buy certain bonds, and lost more than 100 thousand dollars in result.
I didn't do my revision before the exam. I am gonna be screwed.
Please shred this document.
Dude, her boobs are so small that they would look the same even if she wore a messenger bag!
The fans asking for their idols autographs moves like a swarm of bees.
Small-circle elections are not democratic at all.
We expect our products to have consistent quality.
I'm hard up at the moment, how would I have the money for entertainment?
She is married and has two kids.
It is such a pleasure to see tall and slim girls wearing maxi dresses, they look so good in those.
It is the best to burn all you want to hide with a torch of fire.
This guy is so irresponsible. He doesn't do anything unless you keep pushing him.
I'm sorry, I know you might not like what I said, but I just had to get it off my mind.
The police fired rubber bullets at the reporter's head. The reporter almost got shot.
So what exactly do you want now, huh?
At least I have given some help, but how about you?
We've been seeing each other for two years already, but I haven't even had the chance to hold her hand yet.
The public holiday wasn't over on the 4th day of the lunar year in 2017; people didn't "look like on the 4th day" until the 5th day.
Let me check the math and see if it's correct.
Kill the mosquito quickly, or we will be bitten by it again.
Rioters disrupted the public order and hurt innocent citizens.
There are only three weeks left from the due date. You have to pack the labour bag as soon as possible.
There are four toilet paper holders at my home.
Look! There is an aeroplane in the mid-air!
Soya bean milk contains a lot of protein.
You are playing the music too loudly.
My family members are scattered over the globe. I wonder when we will be reunited together again.
Ever since our boss' corruption scandal was made public, he has been loathed by his investors.
Although he was cured from a serious illness, he is still very weak.
As the employees are disintegrated, it's hard to run your business well.
Your son is so cute isn't he? I really want to squeeze his tiny cheek!
This household has many apartments.
I'm just a small fry at the company; nobody listens to my opinions.
How come you're being so absent-minded? You forgot to take out your keys!
I push him every day to make him do his homework.
Life without you is boring!
It turns out that the two brothers were not related in blood.
I saw a lot of animals at the zoo, for instance, giraffes, elephants, zebras, rhinos, and more.
Life is uncertain, carpe diem!
I think, the data cannot prove the causal dependence of them, but only indicate the ratio correlation between the two.
Can you wrap up the presents for me?
There are many candies in this jar.
The selected players will be representing Hong Kong in this World Cup.
A weight-loss treatment takes three months.
He has been unemployed for a month.
Your shirt is stained. How long has it been since you last washed it?
I was told that you're learning calligraphy. Which style are you practising?
Don't hide your feelings and thoughts, you can talk with us whatever you want.
How come you scratch all the time? Put some moisture lotion on your skin if it is dry.
The medicine starts working, I feel much better now.
Can't you just give up on being a soldier? I don't know what to do if anything happens to you.
Send me the dimensions of the wardrobe.
This picture shows 3 squares.
The teacher called in sick today; we'll have a remedial lesson next week.
Attack the enemy on both flanks.
He knows nothing and you should not vent your anger to him.
She lies on the floor and refuses to leave.
Even if the doctor told you not to do any intensive exercise, you are overdoing it by not working out at all.
I cannot follow the logic of the second point on your proposal.
The two had their lips intertwined and kissed for a long time.
With meteorology, I'm a layperson. The most I'd do is to keep an eye out for official announcements and browse through information by amateur researchers in the public.
You're still young. You don't know what breaking up is like.
My friend dyed his hair brown.
For occasions like the company dinner, you should dress yourself more refined.
I don't regard someone as a middle class unless they have a six-figure paycheck per month.
[ChatGPT]Fans waited at the airport for a long time just to see their idol once.
Sorry, I forgot what your name was.
Influenced by European and American culture, freckle makeup has gradually become a trend.
After ten years, the classmates finally gathered together again.
I don't buy filthy jokes like these.
Long-haul flights can seriously disrupt your biological clock.
You shouldn't keep charging an antique cell phone's battery overnight.
The camera is broken. It won't work even if you shake it.
He disguises as a policeman to rob a bank.
He's flush with joy. What happened?
You should clarify the terms before giving me anything to sign.
Some plastic would become less flexible when it is overused, and may break easily.
I would like to listen to your opinion on this matter.
He seldom does any work and instead puts on a show for everyone.
She's very hardworking. She became the chief editor in one year.
Your father knows the principal. You can pull a few strings to enter this school.
Mr./Ms. Sung is a barrister offering expertise in commercial litigation for years.
He is not content in living like that for the rest of his life.
He seized the opportunity to sneak out.
One must save for a rainy day in order to have a steady life in retirement.
My daughter is good at nothing but talking back.
You are still sleeping at noon!
They ask residents to leave within 3 days.
His words triggered a public outcry.
Mind your wordings, people's word can be scary.
I saw an abnormal woman kept yelling on the bus.
The thief had made his getaway before police arrived.
It's all because you not going, now we don't have enough people.
That nerd doesn't know how to communicate with others at all.
You shouldn't talk back to your teacher.
Almost every rock band has a drummer.
Sometimes, the difference between good and evil is within a single thought.
At night there's always light shining towards us. I suspect someone is playing with the torchlight.
Why suffer through his love if you knew that he was married all along?
"What time is it now?" "A quarter past eight."
This cenotaph was built to commemorate the deaths in the pandemic.
He has to watch TV while dining.
After a ten-day holiday, as I switched on my computer, there were hundreds of emails.
She admitted that the report included unfounded contents.
I couldn't hear what you said. Can you repeat it?
This policy is explicitly favourable to major corporations.
Although I'm not smart, I'm not stupid either.
From the skill shown by this senior fellow, he seems like an expert.
Your family does not have the financial resources to send you to college.
A mature person should know how to endure hardship.
In the old days, people would go to Yuen Long and buy several piculs of wife cake.
After enduring for so many years, we still have to wear mask.
The blue house in Wanchai has over seventy years of history, as it has no built-in flush toilet, so it is one of the few old tenement still need to pour the chamber pot during mid-night.
That boy is quite good-looking.
The result is finally out, I have no more worry in my mind.
This is a matter of duty, I will do whatever I can to help you.
Ming, you are on cleaning duty today, wipe the blackboard now!
James Wong was a great Hong Kong lyricist.
The Hang Seng Index rose one thousand points, big bears were totally taken by surprise.
This drink has a very low alcohol content.
The salespeople put in a lot of efforts to persuade me to purchase.
I have already built up the contacts. I can start my business once the capital is with me.
In the good old days, my father did make a fortune in this business.
Obesity will trigger different kinds of health issues.
His methods of marketing are quite extraordinary, which are worth looking at.
He pats on my shoulder lightly.
This is my present that I sprecifically buy for you.
This movie is full, do you want to watch another one?
He's so sincere, let him be your apprentice!
The previous horse race ended unexpectedly.
The kids are so active and energetic; they often run off to god-knows-where in the blink of an eye.
You face is all red. Have you been drinking?
If the construction is prolonged, the cost will raise.
He is diligent with his studies and often gets full marks in his exams.
Remember to fine-tune every detail. Don't give any excuse for others to blame.
Should you see anyone drowning, you should save him.
to realize almost 6 billion HKD by selling one's stocks
I authorized him to pick up my document.
[ChatGPT]You have to admit that these three magpies have improved a lot since they first started singing, they're more lively now!
After winning the Best Actor, the main actor of the movie has become a box office poison for years.
She has taken the weight-losing medicine for only one week but she already looks very peaky.
I need to share the profit with others. I can't pocket all the money.
He has big news to announce.
Things happening so long ago are not worth mentioning.
[ChatGPT]There are stone carvings from the Southern Song Dynasty in Tai Miu Wan.
You are surrounded by girls with bad intentions. Be careful.
Vietnam was colonised by France. Some buildings in Hanoi are rich in foreign style.
She stands aloof from conflicts and cares nothing about workplace politics.
The government decided to repurpose the racecourse into a park.
Free to play basketball on Sunday?
All flights were delayed because of bad weather. In the end, flight attendants became scapegoats and had to take the heat from angry passengers.
I'm executing you under the order of the Emperor.
When you make a mistake and your mother corrects you, you don't talk back to her.
One hundred Taiwan Dollars is red; a photo of Sun Yat-sen is printed on it.
Having a fountain in the garden will give your house a touch of class.
He has a very intense love story.
This vase is of fine workmanship.
Fever differs from heatstroke in that the body temperature rises due to an underlying disease, whereas heatstroke is a condition resulting from increased body temperature.
It's raining heavily outside. Remember to bring an umbrella!
Black death is an infamous plague in history.
There has been a great deal of change over the past 50 years.
After he superficially made changes to the words of your thesis, he then took it as a new thesis.
This is an important matter. We can't act frivolously.
This year, the company only admitted two university graduates.
She's having an exam tomorrow but she doesn't seem in the least concerned. In fact, she hasn't even started studying.
How can you get even one mark if you hand in a blank exam paper?
With teachers' tender and amiable attitude in teaching, students can gain knowledge under a relaxing atmosphere.
She is so poor, abandoned by her boyfriend after having sex with him.
Auntie, you cook really well, can I join your dinner more often?
When I was small, I once dreamt of becoming an astronomer when I grew up.
Great-grandpa cares grandpa most.
Get rid of this sort of cheap liquor, which is quite harmful to your health.
The boss said that I've not fulfilled my duties, so I could not receive the bonus this time.
Why both of you look so sad?
I've checked the movie showtimes. They don't fit my schedule.
A-chiu never hesitates to do what is right. When he saw the girl jump into the sea, he followed to rescue her immediately.
It seems that no typhoon signal will be hoisted tomorrow.
The doctor points out that although birdnest is beneficial to health, it contains furry particles which might adversely affect those who have allergies.
During a typhoon, citizens should stay at homes for the sake of safety.
Residents are all expressing their opinion on the explosion incident.
Hong Kong team will strive against South Korea team in the final to obtain the champion.
We successfully hold the enemy's head as our prisoner.
Empty talk is useless; do something practical instead.
It is such a ridiculous price. Who's gonna buy?
He's been trying to pass his driving test for six years and he's finally succeeded.
This teacher is charged with statutory rape. He is not going to be a teacher any more.
You should cover your mouth with a handkerchief when you sneeze.
The poem is easy to read out.
The library is the treasure bank of knowledge.
In Hong Kong, only adults can purchase alcoholic drinks legally.
The insurance salesmen extract large commissions, beware of their sales tactics.
The government turns a blind eye to the problem.
Why are you so quiet? Do you have something on your mind?
His criticism is always very implicit so as to avoid hurting others.
Her husband got frequently approached by women, so she keeps a close eye on her husband.
[ChatGPT]Let's talk about it after we visit the temple.
Hong Kong's jades were world-famous.
He dresses in black every day. He thinks it looks cool.
He works for over 3 nights, and he is very tired now.
Why are you tightening your face again?
I still remember the encouragement from my teacher to me in the past.
A-chung copied the file with virus, and now all the computers in the whole company are infected.
Hey! How come you are so down? Still single, are you?
People were packed like sardines when taking MTR during rush hours.
They've now become neighbours, always meeting each other.
I'm old enough and can't deny that my retirement is coming close.
The spy gives some useful information.
A three-legged race requires a lot about how the players match.
Just give me a shout when you're hungry. I'll grab you some cookies.
He endured a lot of hardship to have such an achievement today.
A new appointee has been sent to take over my job.
So far I have not been there.
Hope that I won't be too straightforward.
He quit his job and built his company, planning to stretch his wings.
This is a century-old problem in mathematics, which many mathematicians spent their whole lives on it but still could not solve it.
Eeeewwww! The uncle is so disgusting, that he scratches his ass out here publicly!
Did you know it's disgusting that you don't clean up your runny nose mess?
Everybody is helping out together to raise money for the charity organization.
Why is the room in a mess? Did you get any trouble?
You can't find a seat on the underground at this time, let's take a bus.
Please take good care of your personal belongings and beware of pickpockets.
Trap-neuter-return is a usual way to control the population of stray animals.
With regard to this question, let's continue our discussion next time.
To clarify, I know nothing about it.
This toy is made of plastic.
Homosexuality is not a novel phenomenon in history.
Even if there are defects in their bodies, they can also live like normal people.
He and his family cooked up a storm and now their home is a mess.
My chick always forces me to accompany her. She would not let me hang up until 1 o'clock every night.
Water is rather bland. I prefer coconut water.
The whole shopping mall is devoid of human life, it is really creepy.
Well, what do you know? I am his master.
Those are real fights in the movie Ip Man. They are really intense.
This lost child was found today.
It is dinner time, please arrange the cutlery.
He will attend a conference in Japan next month.
There are many telecommunication companies in Hong Kong.
He has a loose tongue, don't ever share secrets with him.
Many men long to have their confidantes.
No big deal. Are you on leave tomorrow?
This hotel has quite a peculiar design.
Composing a song for a competition, he played the guitar singing it on the stage.
The minibus driver drove straight through a red light and was then stopped by a police car.
After my parents passed away, my boyfriend became my only source of spiritual support.
He has very dry skin, just like a juiceless fruit.
I felt much better after this drink.
What? The construction of the light rail system in Macau has still not finished?
The two of them stared at each other and understood tacitly at once.
You are true, he really is a bad guy.
I thought you really loved her, but it turns out that you only wanted to screw her pussy!
She plays with her wedding bracelet in a rare moment of idleness, only to find that it is not made out of real gold.
Your daughter was raised in a greenhouse. Are you sure she will be alright if she travels abroad by herself?
Black clouds full of the sky, the heavy rain is coming.
The company is doing their marketing badly.
Does this bus pass through Central?
Just let him have a free hand to do it, he will be fine.
He just woke up, ate a little bit, took his medicine, and then went back to sleep.
No matter how strong the enemies are, we would fight bravely and til death.
How can he buy a new car only with his salary?
Class's going to end in two minutes!
The Second World War has had a far-reaching impact on us.
This big bottle of coke costs seven dollars only.
Your brother is playing Jungle with his classmates. Do you want to play?
I don't recall him in an instant.
It's hot as hell in here; turn on the air conditioner, please!
After many trials, we finally succeeded.
Mr Lau is obsessed with money. He is willing to do anything for it.
I received a ticket today and therefore made no profit again.
My dad died soon after I was born. My mum lived as a widow and raised me.
How dare you hide so many bad things from me!
Why you look so upset today?
I know that you are not sure indeed.
After the surgery, the doctor stitched my wounds very neatly, I couldn't see my scars at all.
On weekends, I like staying home and have a drama-watching marathon.
You have argued with your boss for so many times, so I am afraid there would be no luck for you in the near future.
Salt baked chicken is a traditional Hakka dish.
These days I can sleep until I wake up naturally. That feels great.
Hair stick has thousand years of history
Siumai is my favourite dimsum.
I lived in Beijing for ten years.
The Pope is protected by lots of security guards on his every visit.
While writing, he likes using very difficult vocabularies and makes simple things unnecessarily complicated.
This year the home court adopts a full-scale assigned seating arrangement. Apart from the free seats in the stadium, the tickets purchased by the fans are all reserved in advance, but there will be no option for fans to select a particular seat.
You should not make things difficult for the students.
We have to stay here for rehearsal. There's not enough time to go out for lunch. Let's order some boxed lunches.
We are now sincerely hiring a service representative.
The dominance of the real estate sector is so severe, the small businesses can no longer survive, and everything is so pricey, that it makes our lives so hard now.
The bag is too white, so I do not like it.
My computer speaker sounds very hollow. It's time for me to buy a new one.
I wish I could be with you again in my next life.
Although he's already thirty, he's still very childish and still like to play children games.
Don't think too highly of yourself just because you are famous!
Could you have mercy and give me a bowl of rice to eat?
Who's the person standing next to him?
She's accepted your gift; seize the opportunity and ask her out!
He is so greedy, he even took a set of cutlery from the restaurant while eating.
An ex-pilot, after getting sacked, became a taxi driver.
This piece of jade is the only heirloom we've got.
Who'd have thought that cookies can be used to build a picture? Isn't this genius?
The room is stuffy, can I open the window?
This man is ill-bred!
He has been in coma for three days, and he is still not awake.
A student was found plagiarising his peer's dissertation.
You go first, I'll back you up if there's a problem.
In this stage, patient tracking is slow.
[The company] is unworthy of earning so much. Let's evade the fare.
Local football teams always recruit foreign aid players.
The last item in tonight's dinner is mango pomelo sago.
Here are over a hundred people, so cool!
There was a clique before at work that never talked to anyone else.
He's always chitchatting with his colleagues; no wonder he was fired.
He is so naughty. In a moment I'll deal with him at my own pace. For informal use.
If you're just spinning your wheels, others are going to surpass you.
He had saved his strength until he dashed within the final 100 metres.
Our company wanted to hire her, only to get preempted by our opponent.
They can get it done no matter how complicated it is.
He kept raving about how good restaurant's food was, but after trying it, I think it's not as good as he made it out to be.
A-chung moved to temporarily live in a cave to experience surviving in the wilds. Two days later he got sent to the hospital.
I am not driving that slowly. Why is that car still tailgating me?
The last time that Arsenal lost a match at home was three months ago.
The arts of the guqin (the craft of qin making) was inscribed onto the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Hong Kong in 2017.
The Bible says that all people have their sin.
We found finger prints of the suspect in the victim's residence.
Your father entrusted me to look after you.
You almost won the champion!
My favourite dim sum is steamed prawn dumplings.
He always indulges in sex with different women and finally has a venereal disease.
Do I look very old?
This statement is the essence of the whole article.
The resources of private schools are much more than public schools.
The ratings of this drama series keep reaching new highs.
This precious stone is one of a kind. It's perfect!
When Easter is coming, most kindergartens would love to teach students to make Easter eggs as crafts.
He's a reasonable and understanding man.
Beijing is a direct-controlled municipality of the People's Republic of China.
After his bankruptcy, everyone whom he knows turns their back on him, and now he has no one to depend on, which is really pathetic.
He has recently behaved unusually.  Is he taking drugs?
His dream is finally realised that he is awarded First Class Honours.
Are you high? You keep laughing and yelling.
This fat girl is so cute! Is she your daughter?
He only knows how to flatter the boss at work, it's not unusual to see so many colleagues dislike him.
Beware of your choice of words so that people couldnt pick any mistakes from you.
The government is recently pushing to improve language education for ethnic minorities.
He's a believer, so he's usually not free on Sundays.
You have applied nail polish onto the edges! Use the nail polish remover to wash it off!
This film has won all five of the awards.
I've been working on my essay. It's been three days and three nights so far.
Recently the stock market keeps falling, once I'd bought I got trapped.
There are four cannons near the lighthouse.
Walk along the road for about 10 mins and then you're there.
Scholes is one of the legendary players in Manchester United.
Let me quiz you: do you know what is the capital of Australia?
Who are you? I don't know you.
Don't lean against the wall, it's very dirty.
The extremely hot weather today makes me feel like I am nearly melting.
Life is like chess. You can never tell how the games are.
He has many plans but just leaves them unfinished.
"Can I borrow your car?" "Certainly!"
There is not enough remaining value in your Octopus card.
Let me burn more joss paper for you, hope you can have a good life in the nether world.
He had a traffic accident and his spleen was bleeding profusely. They had to cut it out at the end to save his life.
A senior official got involved in a traffic accident in overseas. It is beyond imagination that the counterparty was a famous actor.
If I don't go home now, I'll be scolded by my wife.
Creativity is a must in order to work in the advertising field.
I won't have Internet access when I get there, so how am I gonna play with my dick?
When I was in distress, my friends gave a helping hand to me. This was why I could get over it.
It's hard to have a lover. Let's love each other.
Please take good care of your own belongings.
I have to attend the Mass every Sunday, so I am not free on Sunday morning.
Tsk! He moved up the ranks just by personal connection.
There is no way he is free, he has to take care of his child!
Ah Ming is my life tutor, he teaches me lots of things.
He has done me a favour, but I don't know what to do to thank him for his kindness.
Route 1 is a major artery connecting Aberdeen and Shatin.
Why didn't you come last Sunday?
I bought two business class tickets at first, it turned out they ran out of seats, and upgraded us to first class without any extra charge.
My aunt does tui na. Her customers said they felt much better after each session.
You got too many groceries! The fresh produce is gonna turn bad before you can finish them!
He is straightforward and easy to get along with.
You need to understand the basic concepts before we move forward.
The selfie stick is the best thing ever for those who like to take selfies.
"What are you doing looking for me this late at night?" "Oh, nothing. I just wanted to ask you to pee."
There is a 50% off sale for all products in this Christmas for two days. Don't miss this chance.
Public opinions in Philadelphia towards this president have been wavering.
That feeling is just beyond compare.
I have been carried along on the water for three days.
After work, he still studies in the evening. He really wants to improve himself.
Why take that long for just changing clothes? What fashion are you making?
The public given a lot of advice on land production.
How many children do you have?
I want to enquire about the address of your company.
The article still has some flaws. There is still room for improvement.
Your behaviour is unforgivable.
Giant is so strong that he sent Nobita flying with a punch.
You have spent two whole nights on this. Quickly go home!
Miss Hong Kong of this year has very good temperament.
He reciprocates people who helped him in the past with gratitude, even though he is now famous.
On the left is Mr. Wong and on the right is Mr. Man.
He was discovered to be using his younger brother's name to enter the competition and was thus disqualified.
It's him who incited me to change your medicine.
A-chung met a girlfriend two decades older than him. He's relying on her financial support.
Parking is not allowed within the restricted zone
Green tea has lots of good for health.
Let's inquire about this issue.
A-chung just went bankrupt. Now he is having a tough time.
This flat has a closed kitchen and a bathroom with windows, so it is marketable!
You cannot consume any alcoholic drink within these three days.
Raw meats should be put in the refrigerator in order to keep them fresh.
I just get off from the minibus, I'm at the village office right now, what's your house number?
The lateral faces of pyramids are triangles.
Due to the landslide, part of the road has to be closed.
This pullover is a crew neck.
You bullied an elderly woman? No wonder you got all that hate. You totally deserved it.
All sportsmen/athletes, please be on your mark, the competition is about to begin.
They took off their mourning clothes after the funeral dinner.
My mum said that the coriander with tofu soup can cool you down.
This child is smart. Whatever I teach him, he understands immediately.
He is very familiar with the recent changes in the stock market.
Just ignore the boozer! In case he gets mad, we will be in trouble!
The factory does not provide adequate tools. How can we start working?
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Egocentric people don't consider others' feelings.
He got hit by a car after beating an innocent man. This is how justice is done.
I had a row with him yesterday. Please don't ask me to contact him for you.
Since the new China was established, descendants of the emperors have become common people.
You are under my control!
This highway will be closed for three weeks to undergo road re-surfacing works.
Hong Kong needs more people who care and offer their help to those in utmost need.
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
Join the two straws together by using the adhesive tape.
Are you willing to marry her as your lawful wife?
The teacher gave her a gold star for her drawing.
The most important thing is the test at the end.
Some rooftops of service reservoir are allocated as playgrounds; some remain idle.
She looks unnatural after the plastic surgery!
Ah-sau is an arbitrary person, never listening to others.
He started to live off his savings at home after his company went down.
Which one would you pick, Set A or Set B?
The house was left dilapidated by years of neglect.
You can't talk with such manners!
The root and leaf of a turnip are edible.
It's hard for a pair of lovers to get alongwhen you have romance you want space too.
Just going downstairs for a moment, it's fine to wear the slippers.
To solve a problem, you have to face the problem.
The owner of this company is already fifty years old.
The stupid woman lost her purse again!
There will be a construction involving a detonation nearby. Drivers please be aware.
What expert? They are just talking crap, innit?
Smallpox is the first eradicated epidemic disease in human history.
The robber's whereabouts is a mystery after he escaped from the scene.
Hey, we're all friends here, no need to be so fierce, right?
Nowadays in summer not many wear sandals, do they?
Our class teacher is going to get married next week.
The Chief Executive extended deepest condolences to the families of the victims.
There's something in my shoe, and it's pressing against my foot.
I was just a bit late, but then she kept complaining.
He's been sitting the driving test for three years, finally he passes it!
You have no privacy at all, since you always check-in on an app.
I don't mind where we go to eat as long as the restaurant is fast at serving up the food.
I've been learning to ice-skate for a long time, but I still keep falling over.
This bread may look ordinary, but the process to make it is actually not easy at all.
I have prepared breakfast for tomorrow.
The baton was ferociously brought down right on his head.
The unemployment rate has increased by 0.2% this month.
I will kick off the event once you approve it.
The school bus is carrying sixteen pupils.
The longest river in China is Yangtze River.
The sofa has a dull texture. It doesn't quite match the house.
A traffic accident took place two blocks ahead and caused a traffic jam.
Where are you now? I'm taking a taxi right now to pick you up.
Everyone got a bit tipsy after drinking.
He is a very determined person and refuses to surrender to cancer.
The whole church was totally solemn and completely silent.
He always gossips around and nobody likes him in his company.
He's my son and is also my right-hand man in business.
I'm really surprised. Are there really men that are that obedient and well-behaved?
There is no need to panic if you encounter something expected when travelling abroad. Contact the nearest embassy.
A: Shall we have a great Christmas meal? B: Great!
This blog has uploaded a lot of anecdotes of celebrities that people commonly do not know.
An entire stack of assignments for me to finish, aw!
"How much is this pack of milk?" "Five dollars and fifty cents."
Television radio signal reception is required to watch the television.
The more I see of these exhibits, the more I feel like an uncultured bumpkin. There's so much that I don't know.
The number plate of this vehicle is not transferable.
Everybody said okay together.
Why don't you leave me your contact details.
I don't think you are trustworthy.
I want to change my 20-dollar note into coins.
The property owner has raised the rent within half a year! How can we bear it?
The basic salary of administrative officer is over $40000.
This drink advertises very frequently.
Mum, I want to eat a chicken leg tomorrow, can I?
I can reach almost 2 metres when I jump high.
There are 2,000 guests rooms in this hotel.
He was disqualified for violating the rules of the game.
We have branches all around the world.
Inflation increases the financial burden of ordinary citizens.
It's late at night and you still ain't sleeping - that is not good for your body.
Is the government trying push their people to the path of revolution by driving up the tax rates every year?
He can marry a foreign woman? You've got to be kidding.
At this age, maybe you should find a partner to look after each other.
If you get a sunburn, applying aloe vera will make you feel better!
We are grateful of all generous benefactors.
Oftentimes, we become friends with people who have the same interests entirely by chance. Such serendipity!
This article doesn't help much, but it doesn't matter to read.
The buzz cut has been quite trendy recently; everybody's sporting a military cut.
A-chung said he'd leave his parents and go explore the world on his own. The result? He got carried back after two days.
I don't want to transfer to another flight. I only want a ticket for direct flight.
She uses a pseudonym to protect her privacy.
Among Hongkongese cuisines, jellyfish is a popular cold dish.
There are two hours left. It will expire at 7 o'clock tonight.
He has made a lot of remarkable contribution for his company.
The masseuse made my shoulders feel so relaxed, it was really comfortable.
You hope to seek attention by making up rumours and stirring up things, right?
I swear that I won't gamble again.
This birthday card is a gift for you.
His words are charmingly sensible, I see all these tuition spent on law school haven't gone wasted.
This year we don't have enough members in our student society. Quickly ask more friends to join!
Wow, the birthday cake looks so attractive, when could we have it?
Many people want to obtain a fit physique.
to convert the kinetic energy of the water flow into mechanical energy
Leeds was defeated by Liverpool by a score of 2-0.
These documents are forged.
"I need to see a friend in a moment. Let me AFK for a bit."
I will watch a drama in Tun Mum City Hall tonight.
[ChatGPT]Why don't we all have a meeting and find a way to solve this problem together?
The champion of the women's 200m freestyle swimming event at the Olympics will be determined soon.
The time is 6 pm.
Come on, face the truth. Haven't you had enough of his trickery?
Soup dumplings are expensive. My mum doesn't let me order it.
This set contains all of the even numbers.
Over the past few days I have been an emotional wreck, and I can't seem to find the energy to work.
Car shows these days attract a lot of amateurs who are only interested in taking upskirt photos of "young models". It's utterly indecent.
New red fire ant colonies were discovered one after another.
They have assembled a suicide squad of a couple dozen people from the retreating forces to buy time for the retreat of the main force.
She looks normal, but her voice is amazing.
It's dark here and we've got no lights. Take photos for what?
The on-call doctor last night received twenty new cases.
He's playing fool, pretending that he doesn't know anything.
He caught a fish in the river with his bare hands.
This jacket has down as liner, it is warm and light weight
Let me write down your messages.
I don't want to talk to you anymore. In brief, do not eat in bed.
I came to ask you for help because I had no choice.
There are only a few girls who don't enjoy sweet-talking.
My mobile phone is old. It cannot even connect to the internet. I'd like to have a new one.
You want to study medicine with this kind of examination results? Don't even imagine!
His performance of martial arts is very natural and smooth.
If you still don't confess, I'm gonna beat you up!
How come you're so poor at doing this? These sums are so easy but you still can't work them out.
He didn't come until 9 o'clock. Isn't that a bit late?
The robber snatched my mobile phone.
One sterling pound is equal to one point nine U.S. dollars.
For the sake of being rich, he spared no effort to betray his friends.
Never call a Vietnamese person "bt u t nay" again. It was a dark part of their country's history.
The heads of the two countries had a peaceful meeting.
Don't even think that I'm going to help you.
Kid, would you like some ice cream?
I used to write blogs on Xanga.
Hong Kong Brands and Products Expo is a large expo of local products.
Du Fu's poems carry deep meanings.
The United States is reporting weather with the Fahrenheit scale.
He did not perform well academically.  Therefore, he ends up working at McDonald's.
You gotta keep your promise, don't go back on it!
Don't you chicken out on me now.
He went gambling last week, and he ends up losing every single bit of his fortune.
I injured my arms and legs when I was cycling today.
The sweat factory issue and the fashion industry are closely relevant.
Conjoined twins were deemed as the embodiment of a demon in the past.
You may get a gift by 3 stamps.
I'm on a date. Don't get in my way!
Use of medicine should be adjusted according to the situation of the illness.
The right or wrong of the whole life of a political icon, the history will give him a just comment.
Just help me proofread my grammatical mistakes. No need to look at the content.
Can you give me a copy of your photo album so that I can take the advantage to read it earlier?
This shop is famous for its nougats, they aren't too sweet or too hard.
Siu-san praises his girlfriend in front of his colleagues for her being very tender.
In the old days, people indulged in smoking opium and did not bother to work properly.
We have to think things over carefully before taking any action.
Nothing is able to substitute for parents' love.
Be quick. Don't delay and miss the auspicious timing.
The shop upstairs sells second-hand goods exclusively.
She looked like a puppy in love once she received the flowers from her boyfriend.
We will provide water and food for you.
The first runner-up finished the race 3 seconds later than the champion.
Remember to put on a raincoat before you go out on rainy days.
Sir, you have contracted pneumonia and need to take these antibiotics.
He is very smart that he is a talented man.
We pushed and pushed but the piano wouldn't move.
I shot twice at that direction.
I've just mopped the floor. Be careful, don't fall down.
Taking a dump in the toilet again? I have told you to have a healthier diet.
You stole all his money and still beat him. You are going too far!
I hate summers in Hong Kong; they're wet and hot.
Please pay immediately, no more excuses!
Pray, buy me a stamp downstairs.
What do I get in return for helping you?
This bowl of rice smells musty, don't eat it.
The auto-focus of my phone is slow.
Why did you phrase it differently at that time?
Did your boss urge you to stay when you resign?
He didn't love me at all, it was just wishful thinking.
to cast the screen to the television
The toddler is a year and a half. It's time to apply for pre-nursery class.
In South Korea, when there are serious problems in internal affairs, politicians will raise the discussion of the ancient Japanese invasion issues to divert attention.
The government press release said that the news being spread on the Internet is a rumor.
Speak louder, the old man can't hear well.
You'd better go get your flu vaccine soon to avoid getting sick.
Please don't eat so hurriedly.
Parents should not lose their temper so easily on their children.
After innumerable trials and tribulations, the medical arena has finally found a new treatment against AIDS.
He always has to stay up late due to his work.
This country is on the brink of collapse.
The suspect was of ethnic Chinese, and spoke fluent Putonghua.
If you don't love her, don't keep her hanging on for you.
In order to reduce the work of dubbing, TVB is going to cancel NICAM of TV drama and film broadcast on Pearl.
Broken glass was scattered all over the place after the explosion.
Don't buy it yet. Wait until there's a discount.
Your homework was messy and disorderly!
This board is badly installed and tilts to the right hand side.
He failed in world history again.
She managed to sidestep the tricky question. She seems somewhat skillful.
I can go home by red minibus. It's quick enough.
This construction project is over budget and hard to handle, and the society would not benefit upon completion, anyone who pick this up would cry 3 times.
There's a book that mentions this saying.
The guy is so tragic. It was not until today that he realised he's been raising a kid that is not biologically his.
Gang matters are best settled privately. It would be unwise to involve the police.
Remember to place the valuables well.
The express train does not stop halfway between the termini.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose
During the summer vacation, our school team had a training for two months at school.
The fear is still in me when we talk about SARS now.
Linguistics and Philosophy is part of humanities.
The prosecution withdrew the charge due to insufficient evidence.
You are always sending me all kinds of trash. You can't be more annoying.
The residents are afraid that there is lead in the drinking water, so many of them has bought water purifiers to filter the water.
"The Boy Who Cried Wolf" is a fable known in every household.
Let's look at your right hand side.
I hope you can forgive me and understand my difficulties.
Let me put some money in your pocket: Trustworthy is the most important virtue.
The design of this brooch is most delicate.
It can still hold for a while longer.
Why did you run to the point of gasping for breath?
We will cash in our chips after this round, let's see how much money has been moving.
Someone upstairs plays loud music every night. The volume is so loud that I can't watch the TV.
Let me go and say hello to the friend at that table.
I will handle this matter myself and have it settled.
Our indifference is all due to the change of the society.
How disgusting of him to always talk loudly on his phone.
Today I was unlucky at gambling and lost so much money.
He was so easily defrauded, even though he is a university professor!
He has a part-time job at night to earn quick money.
Here comes with a high ceiling, you can stand straight under a loft.
We have only been dating for a month. Would it be too fast to have sexual intercourse?
I will leave after i have emptied my bowels.
This company offers excellent pay and conditions.
I made up my mind to date my dream girl, but she's got a date already.
After the death of the dictator, there was a tangled fight for power among the generals.
She speaks too straightforward, so many people don't like her.
Nowadays, not many people love classical music.
Hey I didn't flirt with his wife, she came over and let me cum inside her cunt instead.
We've just known each other, too early to make progress in our relationship. How are we gonna marry soon?
He's only fifteen. He is still in school and hasn't started working yet.
Kaya toast is awesome. It's a pity that they are getting harder to find.
I didn't say that! Don't be putting that on me.
Do you want to wreck the kitchen? What's with all that caterwauling?
He has bought some old components because he would like to fabricate a computer.
The teacher will lead our class to a conference in Beijing.
You must do what you said you would. Don't give me this perfunctory attitude!
This is my first day here and I look forward to working with all of you.
The space telescope can observe celestial bodies in outer space.
Smoking is not permitted in the hospital.
Cantonese is easy to learn, you need not worry that you can't start.
The office was so silent that I nearly dozed off at my desk.
Bringing lunch to work doesn't just save you money. It's healthier, too.
My son is a bookworm, reading is his favorite activity.
Are you trying to get a promotion by working overtime every day?
I'd guess there should be about 20 people or so.
This set contains all the even numbers.
The grassroots people are eating nothing but expensive bread every day.
This lady is so charm that you never get enough watching her.
This quiz is to test your comprehensive ability.
Miss Cheung is self-opinionated, obstinate and bumptious; she never takes others' advice.
Refrigerated food has to be heated up before it is ready to serve.
Don't keep the food if it's rotten.
All people regardless of gender should learn how to dress up themselves.
He knows what he's doing. We need not meddle in his affairs.
Don't play such dirty tricks in front of me!
This house/flat facing south is warm in winter and cool in summer, very comfortable.
The frequency of earthquake activities is very high in the vicinity of volcanoes.
No matter how we hate the work, we need to do it anyway.
A CFL lasts longer than an incandescent bulb; this helps protect the environment.
She just stepped out. Shall I ask her to call you back?
You're not sure whether you'll be there that night? Come oneither present or absent.
I was deeply attracted to him.
As I am now in this position, the company cannot go on without me.
The mayor turned our town into a mess during his term of office.
The money is used for the rent. Don't spend it on random things.
If we cooperate with each other and share the workload, we can finish the job in a short time.
How could it be okay for someone to start smoking at such a young age?
The person sitting next to you is so new to me. Who is he / she?
There are only a handful of game modes and maps in this game, which are not impressive.
[ChatGPT]He has a boss backing him up, how could I dare to collide with him?
As the name suggests, Mr. Bean is pretty silly.
I opened a studio with my friend to develop our hobbies.
In memory of the martyrs in the war, the state government established a monument.
He left without saying anything after being ignored by others.
to improve the transition from secondary school to tertiary education
Hey, here's a ladder that leads to the roof.
You can only cover up the truth for so long with this guise. Why not just be honest and confess.
The person in-charge is on leave today.
He planned to cover up his offence by claiming that he was having mental disorders.
I want to change my job, any great jobs around?
I don't have the impression that I spoke this.
You are so emotional, and that makes it very difficult for others to work with you.
I know him - his name is... Chan something-Man.
I think being a reporter is a cool job!
I still don't know how to write a good paper.
These occasions had better be avoided as possible.
All concerts that he opens are full house.
Competition from Shenzhen is greatly affecting the revenue of local retail businesses.
He fell five floors and was fortunately saved by a canvas canopy that cushioned the impact.
Why are you so fussy? You just dislike everything.
The more specialised one learns, the more difficult for him/her to find a job.
Watching the sea from a lighthouse is romantic.
It's just a movie, it's not real. Don't be afraid.
Not everyone is bold enough for a ride on the transparent carriage cable car.
Paint is good enough. We don't need wallpapers.
It stinks in here. Let's hurry on out.
Tsing Ma Bridge connects Tsing Yi and Ma Wan.
He won first prize in the speech competition, winning glory for his school.
There are many live broadcasts of street view. We can have a look without going to the streets.
I will inform my superior of this incident and they shall be the judge.
This is good for both you and me.
Fuel saving is a pro of this car.
I feel better now after the belch.
The company steps up the marketing of this product under favorable circumstances.
The pair of shoes cost ten thousand dollars, which is outrageously expensive.
You make your son study English, French and Japanese at the same time. Can he really learn all of them successfully?
I had a corn on my toe.
[ChatGPT]He was born with a golden key in his mouth, and has never had to worry about food or clothing since childhood. How could he understand our common people's troubles?
Has anyone told you that you look like Raymond Lam?
Ah-fan loves the night view of Hong Kong very much.
This pair of socks are too thin that you'll get holes on it after wearing it for half a month.
Be careful when you are wearing platform shoes, do not trip over!
Three C cells are required for the torch.
I will arrange a private photo shooting next week. You can come along.
In order to get the family possessions, the son framed his own father!
Don't drink so much coke, otherwise your teeth will decay!
Actually where does the charm lie in this model?
You should go out and relax a bit on weekends.
Many elderly men like sitting at the park.
The evidence is irrefutable. You simply can't deny it.
The museum will hold its grand opening today.
He finally talks about his hidden feeling.
Who let that bastard come in our home? You think it's a place that anyone can come and leave freely?
If you keep a pleasant countenance, you will become more popular.
The latter half of the movie contains so many gags.
The new bill contradicts the constitution.
I spent too much time on the questions in the beginning. As a result, I did not finish the exam paper.
Hong Kong is a world-class port.
They call beer "Westerners' herbal tea", but don't drink too much or you'll get a beer belly.
She bought the apartment with full payment upfront, saving her the interest.
I studied chemistry in Secondary 3 only.
I can see how dishonest he is.
[ChatGPT]This new property is in a prime location.
It's our greatest honor to have our president with us here.
Please help me make ten photocopies for this document.
The entire life of Marlon Brando is full of legend.
Since 1920, human trafficking is legal in Hong Kong, maids has replaced the old style slaves.
Recently, there were some elderly people designing a Chinese typeface. That's so cool.
Not surprised he has got head louse as he doesn't wash his hair very often!
They finished their tasks very quickly.
I need to find a post box to mail a letter.
You lost when we played mahjong last time, and you haven't paid the wager yet.
I want a tailor-made cheongsam.
You wanna leave just like that? Pay for it!
It's beyond my duties. Can I refuse to do it?
This vacuum cleaner is really powerful. You can even catch a mouse with it.
After months of negotiation, European Union finally agrees to rescue Greece from an economic crisis.
This is the stuff that is not easy to deal with.
Her dress costs hundreds, but she accessorised it with a necklace worth ten thousand: a perfect case of misplaced priorities.
There are in total 120 passengers on the aeroplane.
If you don't study well, you will be homeless in the future.
A suspicious person lingered in front of the bank.
I will be retired after today's work.
This army is plundering everywhere; the land that it passes seems to be lifeless.
My dad was handsome when he was young.
Being the eldest son, one should be independent and have his own point of view.
This student had an exceptional performance at the athletic meet, he won 7 medals.
The next foe that stands against the Hong Kong team is the Spanish, may the gods have mercy on us.
Vaccine programmes are still in the experimental stage.
Weather forecast tomorrow: Mainly cloudy, with one or two rain patches.
People with no talent can never govern Hong Kong well!
The village has CCTVs installed everywhere, and villagers are on patrol during the nighttime.
The tissue packs are free anyway; take more of them.
You are so lucky this time. You can't go through all these next time.
I am sick of your affected manner.
Give laziness away till Lunar New Year's Eve.
Pirates appear in neighbouring waters.
Apart from Earth, Mars and Saturn, actually there are also many other planets.
The thief turned around and ran away immediately when he saw the police.
After his bankruptcy, he went crazy.
There are five things you must do as a university student.
This movie star is notorious for bad luck. Many brands he endorsed ended up meeting their doom.
Everyone is going, but I am not going.
Pre-season matches start next month.
If you come across any unfamiliar characters, look them up in a dictionary.
This seal will be burnt afterward.
The shop is hectic today, I almost collapsed in exhaustion.
What's going on, bro?
The colour of this seashell is special.
Damage caused by misuse would not be included in warranty services.
Being an illegitimate child makes him very embarrassed.
I ordered coffee, but why is it tasteless?
We've been waiting for an eternity, but there's finally good news about the government handout.
Crap! I've sprained my ankle for the third time today now!
Children with Down syndrome have lower IQ on average.
This dish is freaking disgusting and even looks freaking weird.
I won $320 in the Mark Six lottery.
To be a model you generally need to have a tall and slim figure.
The electrical line is live. Be careful not to touch it!
There are too many pollutants in the air, which makes the sky very hazy.
That crazy bastard killed his own 3-year-old son.
Seven chairs are enough. Put the other two back.
Wow, the queue goes all the way down to the next street.
The U.S. dollar is accepted in many countries.
This hawker says the lance that he's selling is the sharpest and his shield is the most rigid. Isn't he contradicting himself?
This set meal includes a hot drink.
Do you need me to teach you some skills?
Today, the US Federal Reserve has decreased interest rates.
My hometown is in Zhongshan County in Guangdong Province.
You scolded the old woman in such a cruel manner that I found it quite revolting.
Children eating with their hands must get them dirty. Don't blame him.
I'm responsible for the finances of the company.
I don't even know where he lives.
They messed up the kitchen during their fight.
You guys are all jerks./I hate you all.
He designed a game even the elderly will like.
This is not a fruit knife, fetch me another one.
Dog food can be divided into two types, dry and wet.
The transformation process of butterflies is very interesting.
This cockroach killer is so powerful that there's no place it doesn't go into. It can kill all cockroaches in your house in a week.
If this gains publicity, I'm afraid I won't be able to help you.
He promised me thoughtlessly and he couldn't deliver once again!
If you'd put your mind to it, you could do it.
You always long for the fall of the property prices, but it has never fallen a tiny bit!
It turns out that every decision was wrong.
From now on, we'll split off!
The police suppressed the protesters and arrested more than 20 people.
He always has nightmares, and sleeps so bad.
The epidemic is getting worse; it is hard to find a bottle of handrub in the market.
They put all the goods on the sidewalk. Jerks.
There is Tin Hau birthday parade in Yuen Long district on the 23th of the 3rd month of the lunar calendar every year.
Your elder brother does nothing all day, spending his hours wandering around the streets but not finding jobs.
How random is shuffling?
She goes to sunbathe regularly? No wonder she is so nicely tanned.
They battled on the tennis court for five hours.
The master of the Tao waved the horsetail whisk back and forth.
He's been assigned to route 2A so far.
Babies don't distinguish between day and night. When they want to eat, they eat, and when they want to sleep, they sleep.
I can crush you with a single finger.
"Huh? How come you're here? I don't see you here very often." "Oh, I came for Ching."
I just made it onto the last train! It's really super lucky!
Let's have one chocolate each other.
Why do you keeping staring at me ? Do you want me to beat you up ?
I heard that your daughter is dating, when will she get married?
That chair is too short; it doesn't fit me.
This is no trivial matter. Don't take any action without careful thought.
You treat me like this? I will never forgive you.
In the past, storms and rain were disastrous for farmers.
Both of us like playing computer games. We are really birds of a feather.
It is better to resign the job by following rules to have a good beginning and ending.
For me, honesty matters.
Candidates should not leave the hall without authorisation.
Government censorship has inhibited the development of popular culture.
Yes! I'm finally done.
Chinese usually eat with chopsticks.
I've been working on this assignment for quite some time. I have finally finished it.
The distinguishing feature of this building is that the outer walls haven't been plastered.
Upon purchase of regular-priced items enjoy 10% off.
Typhoon signal number 10 is on and you're still going out for fun. You wanna die?
Your mouth is stinky like a chamber pot.
"Thanks for the present!" "Hey I'm only lending this to you."
My mother says I am too thin so she always forces me to eat a lot.
This small bookstore is just in the shopping mall - it's quite convenient to get there.
I want to live happily too, but I don't have a choice.
The venue is broad that it can accumulate several thousand people.
I cannot talk to you patiently.
In order to buy a flat, he needs to work not only during daytime, but also a part-time job at night.
The hideout was so well hidden that the police would have a hard time finding them.
They had an overseas wedding back then, and had a small casual banquet of just a few tables when they were back in Hong Kong.
I am sick of playing obedient to my partner, I shall be his appendage no more.
Don't bother me. I want to be alone.
This year is a leap year in the luni-solar calendar, which is good for wedding!
I need to take a nap after lunch.
They are so powerful that they have a lot of connections with others.
He led the school football team to accomplish great things.
The reservoir is so dried up that I can see the cracks at the bottom.
This restaurant has a special cozy vibe to it.
It's such a small circle. It couldn't be easier to know/hear about it.
Gold price marks a 10-year high.
All 200 people aboard the plane are believed dead, with no survivors.
Since we have been knowing each other for such a long time, let's not grind on such a tiny scrap of money.
The bun is extremely tiny. How is that enough for me?
An hour or so doesn't make any difference. Let's wait for a bit longer.
It was raining cats and dogs this morning. Many colleagues arrived late to work.
The university has presented an honorary doctorate degree to him.
He was a millionaire in the past, but later because of his gambling addiction, he ended up a beggar in his old age.
This map is not drawn to scale at all.
He did not hand in any homework, and is to be detained after class.
Fruits contain a great amount of dietary fibre, which can aid digestion.
He comes here for afternoon tea every day, just because he wants to see the daughter of the shopkeeper.
I made a cake for my girlfriend.
Term logic was once considered to be perfect. In other words, logic cannot be improved until the advent of predicate logic.
He was modest that he said he did not sing well, but all of us enjoyed his singing a lot.
Now the law has been tightened and one may not smoke even in one's office.
IKEA Meatballs taste really good.
It's been a long time since I last did calculations, and I feel so rusty.
Our company's manufactured products are all very good.
The red panties are really some lucky charm to wear in Chinese New Year.
Facing the vigorous attack from their opponent, they are at a loss.
Since he doesn't say a word, he must be the one who did it.
That bitch wants to steal my husband from me!
The flood made over a million people homeless.
[ChatGPT]He stopped working when he reached 90% progress. Young people don't need to worry so much, right?
Recently, more and more people choose to serve alternatives to shark's fin soup in wedding banquets for the sake of environmental protection.
[ChatGPT]They act all tough, but when they lose power, they grovel like a dog. It's really pathetic.
The two of them have hidden conflicts, which make them argue with each other every time they meet.
In 1984, China and the United Kingdom signed a joint declaration.
He was hoping that the matter would never be known by the public, thus ensuring his uneventful requirement, however it got exposed by the media just now, forcing him to resign. He's penny-wise, but pound-foolish.
In the company, he does not have any trusted man, so he does everything himself.
Just look at the state of our football teamit's a disorganised mess. If it goes on like that, we have no chance of ever getting back to Division 1.
He is very hardworking, eventually ranking the first in his grade.
You'll be the watchman, and we will sneak in. Warn us on the walkie-talkie if anyone comes.
His new book got destroyed online. People just thrashed it for all it was worth.
He knows many things.
It's my fault. I'm willing to be punished.
Real estate stocks rise sharply amid favourable news.
This textbook is suitable for Primary 2 students.
The football player uses his speed to penetrate the opponent's line of defense and scores a goal.
Please go to Yau Ma Tei first, and then go to Mongkok.
I don't know who you are, why should I trust you?
Kazakhstan is undergoing many road works and it is easy to get into dead ends.
The basketball match is suspended due to heavy rain.
Those politicians always make trouble.
Why does it take so long to finish such a simple project? You want to fool us into paying more?
You should treat your parents well.
It seems that they are about to start the "Third World War" among themselves.
What is the linkage among these clues?
His post has almost a thousand downvotes.
Let me introduce a good restaurant to you.
This audio cassette/audiotape which was recorded live contains many noise.
The girls in the table next to us are commenting on the boys opposite.
I'm sorry to bother you with such a trivial matter.
If we use ways at random to cure the illness, then it is better to do nothing.
I'll let you have a taste of suffering!
"Snacks" is a generic term for potato chips, biscuits, and sweets.
When you become famous, your family also shares your glory.
Don't conceal the crime, we know that you did it.
This trip has broadened my horizons.
In fact you knew all the answers, your main problem is that you were too careless.
Alright. Before we depart, let's make sure that we are all here.
He drew an analogy between the president and Hitler.
Mr. Chan has controlled the policy-making of the board of directors.
The storm is sometimes stronger when the typhoon is leaving than when it is the closest.
She's so coquettish whenever she sees a handsome man.
She devoted all her life to taking care of poor people.
The works he has done are totally useless, dumb and wrong, how can I trust a guy like that?
I'll take a blood sample. Please roll up your sleeves.
We don't always have time to gather so happily. Let's take a photo to remember it!
That guy is still drinking even though his abdomen is swollen from cirrhosis, does he know what risk he is taking?
His dad committed suicide by hanging last month.
According to the HK Observatory's forecast, it will be cloudy today.
Our company does not accept buy on credit and must be fully paid upon dealing.
Some tricksters would pretend to be a staff of the bank.
He seems well-off, but he has gone bankrupt already.
Thanks to her awesome figure, Chrissie Chau has become the most successful of the pseudo-models for the past few years.
The association strongly condemns their behaviour.
Once it's break time, the whole class lie on the desk and sleep.
He always has the delusion that he could dig up treasures underground.
Those shrews on the street corner keep gossiping for the whole day, really annoying.
Your look very pale! Are you okay?
She seems a bit off. Is something wrong?
I envy you having such a close family.
This area is under those thugs' control. They are the true local despot here, even the cops dare not to bother them.
Stupid boss is going to hold useless meeting again.
Be careful when you in the unfamiliar place.
The government are holding a bloody candle to the sun, as they've built a rain shelter that doesn't shelter one from rain at all.
If you are so eager to find your better-half, go to the matchmaker and ask him to find you a lover!
Who taught you to be so nosy, you little bitch?
She said she saw ghosts in the hotel.
Professional athletes often tear their ligaments.
We should not back away from difficulties, instead we shall face them down.
Sorry, I admit my fault this time.
Get out of here! You're such a burden, we'd rather you're not here.
You need to enter the correct password to log in."
This clock should put onto the most conspicuous area.
He is awfully busy, how can he spare time for dating ?
Give me a break, I know nothing about art!
According to reliable anonymous source, Chief Secretary for Administration wants to run for Chief Executive.
You should arrive at the airport two hours before the take-off time.
Sometimes I want to yield; whenever this crosses my mind, it saddens me.
Why not ask him to fix instead of me? He taught me some skills before.
Some taxi drivers will double the meter fares when the number 8 typhoon signal has been hoisted.
The service of this bar is always superb.
After work, I will buy groceries before going home.
Three months after the terror attack, the criminal is still on the run.
Hurry up! The government troops are getting close to us.
We share the joys of victory together.
He writes prose for newspaper supplements.
Petty thieves are hanged but usurpers are crowned.
If you become famous one day, don't act like you don't know everybody anymore. Be grateful for everything you've been given.
The pocket-sized books published by this publisher are delicate.
He seems very sad. Would you comfort him a bit?
He's so snobbish, how would he make friends with us poor people?
People are having a lion dance over there. The atmosphere is lively.
Pottery is a recondite subject.
Toothpaste can keep your breath fresh.
It's just warm-up. You don't have to give it your all.
This is an academic conference. We don't need to be such showy to hold it in a grand hotel.
This district, mainly consisting of the elderly, is a "pro-establishment" stronghold.
His pants are so short they look like underwear. Even his buttocks is showing.
I cannot decide! There is nothing in the menu that I like.
We wish to encourage youths to participate in social affairs.
The demonstrators burnt down a paper effigy to show their dissatisfaction.
Overpopulation is one of the reason that lead to shortage of food.
It is necessary for youngsters to serve the elderly.
Lady, your stuff has been blocking the road, how are the others supposed to get through?
He hung up without even saying goodbye.
The man was staring at the cop, holding a cleaver in a hostile manner.
The box had been badly crushed in the post.
I think it's important to protect your baby's delicate skin all year round, not just in winter.
Ming got a sudden punch bluntly on the chest by his classmate.
This man, wearing a well-tailored suit, dressed decently, molested a schoolgirl on an MTR train; all that glitters is not gold.
He invited all of us here, but he himself is not showing up. What kind of tricks is he trying to pull?
As her husband died a month ago, she is still wearing monotonic clothes.
Our children are all grown up and married now, and the two of us are left living alone in this mansion.
He is smarter in this relationship. He will no longer let his girlfriend spend all his money.
This skirt is so tight. If I take a slightly larger step, I'll probably tear it.
He looks very sad, but when people ask him, he hides his feelings, not willing to tell them about what has happened to him.
We ran into a shopping mall to take shelter from the rain.
The code name of James Bond is 007.
Between labour and capital, there shall be cooperation, not opposition, on salary.
My health has significantly improved recently.
The paper was done, no changes are needed.
[ChatGPT]He thought he could be a girl's boyfriend, but he ended up being played and treated like a dog.
From today to the middle of next month, you can collect stamps to get a doll/figure.
I just accidentally stepped on dog poop!
I breathed a sigh of relief after finishing the job interview.
This pill can stop a running nose.
Since you opened a grocery store in such a small housing estate, you'll only do business with the same group of people, therefore you'll never become wealthy.
A normal person has ten fingers and ten toes.
Sir, I'm sorry but I'm afraid your signature does not match our records, would you please sign again?
You have to live in for a while to know if it has any problems.
He moved his knight to a position of check, you can't make another move!
When they argue, they always talk about getting divorced. I've gotten used to hearing it.
She thought she was pregnant, but fortunately it turned out to be a false alarm.
It is harder to find a job with a criminal record.
My athlete's foot shows effects again. It's so itchy!
People who mistreat people by their own advantage are cold-blooded.
Please lift up your clothes and let the doctor listen to your breathing.
Why do you need to work so hard just for these extremely small profits?
It's no big deal if you don't have your purse with you; let me pay the bill.
The geography of Hong Kong is suitable for being a trading port.
I can't find no solution!  I'm in trouble!
It is difficult to refuse his warm and friendly invitation.
Concerns have been raised over the damage caused to children's backs by heavy bags.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry has again expressed opposition to the crude intrusion into China's domestic policies by foreign powers.
This street is really prosperous. The throngs are so large, you needn't worry about getting business.
The museum has a gracefully ancient atmosphere.
Nowadays instant self-serving portrait photo booths are set up in every MTR station, it's very convenient.
I have no idea whether the students performing in the mass dance are too weak to stand the coldness. I can only tell that their performance is fantastic.
You need to take good care of your dog.
Opinions vary about the reason for the wealthy man's disappearance.
She is good at cooking.
I am used to knock the door before entering hotel room.
The discipline teacher carries a megaphone with her every morning.
He keeps talking.
Unfortunately, a nurse gets infected when taking care of a patient.
You hair looks like a mop. Go and have a haircut now!
Pour away the left over soup.
I wanted to have sex and called my SP to my house.
She suddenly could not breathe shortly after a flight. Only at the hospital did she know she had a pulmonary embolism.
He refuses to use air conditioning even when it is 28 degrees, and instead insists on staying calm to stay cool.
The guy in a suit is a powerful person. Be careful when you talk.
Accompanied by relatives and friends, the defendant attended the court hearing.
I unintentionally heard him talking with another woman on the phone.
Drink more water in summer helps replenish the great water loss from our body.
You paid five hundred dollars for oranges? Were you bewitched by a ghost?
You will forget all those sad things after a while.
Don't you really know this? He borrowed money from his mother of course.
I don't want to spend time on you!
The People's Liberation Army has a barrack in Kowloon Tong.
How dare you keep a mistress?
He has made a really big mistake.
I've been speaking more loudly since I started having hearing problems, because I thought others didn't understand what I was saying.
You should seek a job before you graduate from university, lest you be redundant once you have graduated.
The turnover this year has increased by 10% over the previous year.
He doesn't go to study or work, but idles at home.
There is a drug addict living upstairs who is high on meth every day.
Uncle Si has become very popular. Will he take advantage of the situation, and publish a few more books?
Don't you feel guilty about it when you hurt other people?
The natural scenery here is marvelous and delighting.
The president is humble to visit residents in the slum.
One can plant a few lychee trees here.
His fiction was widely liked by readers in USA.
This matter is none of my business. In fact, I already resigned.
That gal is so sexy, just thinking about her gives me an erection.
Many kids are playing on the lawn.
After 2 years of diligence, he has finally been promoted to manager.
This dude never keeps his word but only takes advantage of others. What a bastard!
He proposed to me in the presence of my family.
Purchase our latest products on the online store now!
You are not allow to go to the clubs anymore after marriage.
As the government has still not made any announcement, the residents have no way but to protect themselves and stay away from the location of the incident.
The participants this year are at quite low level.
Your hair is so greasy, go wash it!
[ChatGPT]The teacher stood up straight and taught us how to do exercises.
The manager will scrutinize each report to ensure that the work progress is normal.
Don't you know who is more important to you? Imagine if your mother and your wife are drowning in water at the same time, who will you save first?
There is a skull sign here. It might signify dangers.
I will go on a holiday starting from tomorrow.
Ah Man is going to Germany tomorrow. I will help him carry his luggage to the airport.
It's only the second day of the Lunar Yearnot even Cek Hau yetand I'm already scolding people on the Internet.
Most toxins are naturally excreted from the body.
Please lean over towards me a bit.
This game is an original work.
It's useless to tell you now; you'll understand by then.
Maybe because of my illness, I don't have an appetite today and don't feel like eating anything.
You don't need to dress up just to go to the pub.
I gave A-chung my advice with good intention, but he turned a deaf ear on it.
This organisation was established by the disabled.
I'm free at lunchtime. I can go to the hospital and visit her.
The property market is in quite a turbulence lately, I will keep a hold on my assets for now no matter what.
The milk powder hasn't completely dissolved. Stir it.
The Man Mo Temple Free School, founded in 1880, was later managed by Tung Wah Hospital and became the first Tung Wah free school.
Boiling the meat can rid it of its smell.
Kung wears his one and only suit to banquets all the times.
Small groups are often seen studying the Bible on the sixth floor.
A male nurse drew my blood.
It's Sunday today. How would there be anyone at school?
Why not also invite Fong Fong to join the calligraphy competition together?
I have been working twelve hours a day for the whole week. I am too knackered.
It's a rape charge. Eight or ten years in jail would be the minimum, I suppose.
It is illegal to falsely admit to be a doctor.
You can go back first if you like, I want to wander for a little longer.
It is my fault. I apologize to you!
We have sealed the deal in private.
These are all in English. I can't read it.
Although it is a bit noisy here, it is near to the market.
It's just half-time and you are already giving up?
A Kong girl put her cat in washing machine and was blamed of animal cruelty.
The government published this year's development blueprint.
In remote villages of China, patriarchy is still an ingrained tradition.
The firemen is putting out the big fire on the fishing boat.
Let's narrow the scope down before we start searching for it.
It's too early to nail the coffin of the revolution.
He is so arrogant. How do I cooperate with him?
Your actions constitute harm on me.
That ship is so lucky that having survived the terrifying, rough sea, it finally arrived at its destination.
Even though he ran faster than usual, he still couldn't beat me.
Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan are the only two double landlocked countries in the world. All of their neighbouring countries are landlocked countries.
This is my wife, Mary Chen.
I opened up my heart to you and you thought I was speaking nonsense? I don't want to be friends anymore.
My sister is 40 years old but she hasn't got married yet.
I am going to the company to sign a contract.
He does things by the book without creativity.
A lot is hard to guarantee in your sixties.
He's so grumpy that everyone is scared when they see him.
Fill in the blanks with an appropriate word.
You might be mistaken as a seductress if you dress like that.
The colleague who was responsible for this has left the company.
Untouchables have an extremely low social class.
Ever since his mum died, he became spiritless.
Hong Kong's climate is not tropical but subtropical.
You eat too much fast food, watch your weight!
A pushes the issue to B, B pushes it to C, then C pushes it back to A, but they have only oral agreement but no paper work to prove, everyone holds to their own statement, there's seems to be no truth can be found.
Please offer your kindness and make a donation to help victims of the southern Asian tsunami disaster.
This croissant is my little gift only for you, not for anyone else.
The chicken wings of this restaurant is simply fabulous. You must go and try some.
The match was postponed due to the heavy rain.
[ChatGPT]Some people say that the gearboxes of European cars are very fragile.
It's dry and windy these days. Be careful with fire.
In order to reduce the number of medical incidents, the government is proposing to set up a supervision scheme.
In one word, money. You have to be rich to be admitted info this university.
You lost your monthly underground ticket at the start of month, what a shame.
Thanks for this young lady who raised such an interesting idea.
This lady speaks in an organized way.
He smokes weed every day, not to mention cigarettes.
There are many reasons to break up with you.
We like to walk to seashore after finishing our meal.
In light of the recent uptick in theft, please be more careful with your belongings.
[ChatGPT]I have to act like a chicken and still maintain my reputation.
This battery is rechargeable.
In an attempt to deepen public understanding on classical music, the orchestra included in their programme booklet a detailed analysis on the pieces they're performing.
Your performance in this semester has regressed!
It has just been October; don't you think it's too early to prepare the exam?
Today's weather is so sultry, maybe a typhoon is coming.
Un goo goo. Sis, don't be so angry. Let me cheer you up.
Let's not talk to him; he always talks back for no reason.
The fans hurrayed for their favourite teams in the stadium.
What's my chance of winning? High or low?
He has no solid contribution to the organization, it's not strange that his office is abolished.
We are going to the place we went last time given the circumstances.
Don't you understand his intentions from his actions?
It seems the deal cannot be retracted.
In Winter, many ladies love to wear boots.
Please photocopy three sets of this document.
Usain Bolt won the 100m sprint again.
The away team is sending big gift by scoring an own goal.
All men participating in the Festival de Cannes are required to wear tuxedos.
The water temperature to brew a coffee is best above 80 degrees Celsius.
Please pass the message to the teacher that I will be absent from class today for some personal reasons.
He's always wearing gold necklaces and bracelets. He seems to be afraid that people don't know he's rich.
This kis is really naughty.
What I have just said is the rules of playing "Who is the leader", do you want a demonstration of playing the game from me?
His academic result is quite evenly distributed. There isn't any subject that particularly stands out.
It's enough for the tea to infuse for 5 minutes.
Everyone knows that appeasement could not solve the present problem at all.
She has some child-bearing hips.
Ah-ling takes for granted that her husband would do all the housework.
Just come to me if you need cash. I [as your brother] will do my best to help.
I am happiest on the weekends because I don't have to go to work.
The pant legs are too narrow. I can't move comfortably.
I just don't know what to do with so much time left.
Green apples are sour and best for making desserts.
You will be in charge of picking up our guests at the airport.
Open the gift to see what is inside.
He is righteous and hostile against evil in his life.
The differences between us make us hard to reconcile.
If you don't have any appetite, try some pickled plums! They are quite appetising.
She must be taking fat-burning pills, I mean how else can her figure be trimmed in such a sudden?
After my character has leveled up, a new map is revealed.
The school drama society is now recruiting members. Join us!
My relatives scolded my sister for her remarriage.
I'll be ready in 15 minutes. Please wait for me.
I'll have sushi as dinner.
Kids can bring much happiness to a family.
The shopping mall in the film is the origin of zombies.
It seems that the device does not have electric current passed through even after being switched on.
The newest issue of the students' publication is available now.
His son is fat and clumsy!
Why did you shoot me with a rubber band?
The notes are all blown away by the wind, please help pick them up quickly!
My belly hurts. I think the baby is coming out.
I'm not sure if my answer is correct, I'm just guessing.
Put up the poster in a conspicuous place.
Travelling over the sea by ferry is cheaper than travelling by MTR.
The washer of the washing machine keeps rotating.
[ChatGPT]Other than teaching myself at the library, there were no adults who taught me the knowledge I was interested in.
They can sing the national anthems of many countries.
There will be a woodwinds concert in the school this Sunday.
I thought you had to go to school today, but actually you didn't.
We usually can't accomplish things in a single move easily. It needs patience instead.
I ate bacon and two fried eggs this morning.
People come and go. There are vacancies in the governing team after several principal officials jumped ship by early retirement some days ago. Meanwhile, certain members of the opposition camp would rather leave their parties and fill in.
There are a few Qing Dynasty antiques in Grandfather's room.
He actually fought hand to hand with triad members on the streets, no wonder he was so badly injured.
The broom head has been messing around again.
He is not that handsome because one of his eyes is bigger than the other!
The cause of death can be confirmed by dissecting the body.
The bank is really crowded during lunch hours.
I've made up my mind, no one could stop me.
Many people think nuclear power is unsafe.
My parents disagree with our marriage.
All I have with me is a mobile phone.
I know the gist of this book.
This is a trick question. Don't put it in an ordinary way.
The farmer will spray pesticides and insecticides on the field in order to eradicate pests.
San Francisco has a large ethnic Chinese population.
One of the principles of the enforcement policy is to act in accordance with the law.
Things often change. They cannot be just as we wish.
The Hong Kong 1967 Riots were almost lead to another Anglo-Chinese war.
The girl behaves exactly like a man; it's difficult for a man to fall in love with her.
Ten hours of work per day really make my life deplorable.
After a ten-year wait, I finally get assigned to public housing flat.
He is wild with joy after he won the champion.
The owner of this shop is a nice person.
At a constant velocity,  wavelength is inversely proportional to frequency.
Don't forget to switch off the lights when you go out.
I am not liking my "goddess" anymore. I quit. I just want to find a nice girl to live happily with ever after.
After running, I feel hot all over my body.
It's just a piece of cake, do it very easily!
Teenagers at this age hold a more rebellious attitude.
That guy often calls in sick; I don't even see him twice a week.
Good friends should help each other.
I barely passed my English exam.
He is a diligent worker.
After he exited the political arena, he was indifferent about the affairs in the world and moved back to his hometown.
Eliminate the unqualified candidates before interviewing.
Let's go! Otherwise, we will be late.
The sun is bright today, I will wear my sunglasses.
You had been swindled so much money. What a silly girl!
To prevent skin cancer, remember to refrain from excessive sunlight exposure.
We suggest that pregnant women should understand the process of labour in advance.
Don't point the gun at people, be careful that it might discharge accidentally!
When I was young, I like eat those crackers with malt syrup filling.
One time I spotted a student cheat in an exam, but she denied everything.
The person in question has an alibi at the time of the crime.
Traditional fax machines use thermal paper as their printing technology, there's no ink cartridge to replace.
Son, mum is going out! Watch the house for me!
Do you believe there are UFOs?
You should at least wear a diamond necklace to a ball to keep up appearances!
He must face the challenges of reality.
Sometimes I just yearn to live alone.
My neighbour is so overbearing. He likes to control everything, and complains about everything.
The diamonds in the treasure vault cost five billion in total.
As the matter is getting to this stage, I have to tell the truth.
You have to tolerate hunger for a while if you want to be slim.
Women should call for help if they are harassed by a sex maniac. They should not remain silent because of embarrassment.
She smuggled drugs for the reward of several thousand dollars and was finally sentenced to over ten years.
It just looks similar, that guy is not him.
A: "John?" B: "Yes."
I woke up with a terrible headache this morning.
This enamel reflects Egyptian craftsmanship.
Don't touch a socket with wet hands to avoid leakage.
Every time we see each other, it's either shopping or eating or watching movies. I don't know about you, but it really bores me.
It's fucking meaningless for the company to introduce those new rules.
You shouldn't judge by appearances alone.
I had a drink with my colleague after leaving the company, so I went home late.
He is so small that I can easily lift him single-handedly.
Can you feel my forehead to see if I've got a fever?
A-chung wetted his bed last night. Now his mom is trying to dry his sheet by hanging.
There are many middle-aged men hanging around at the cha chaan teng.
That chick is so hot. Her boobs are huge!
His/Her performance during this term was well, so he/she could probably stay in office.
This website has very few visitors, it cannot profit from advertisements.
A tsunami came soon after the earthquake.
Your article is nice. However, you presented us with a prose while we requested a thesis. In terms of stylistics, they are completely different.
Last time, we won by three-zero against them in the away game. We should have a better performance when we play at home tomorrow!
Why do you dress so untidily for going to a banquet?
Time to feed the baby with milk.
This shampoo removes dandruff.
O blood group is the largest.
There will be a road closure here due to a protest this Sunday.
I have always been behaving beyond reproach. I have nothing to be afraid of.
Only writing 500 words? That's easy as pie.
Anyway, you're only allowed to play after you've finished your homework.
He is so great at controlling the ball that he can juggle with his foot a hundred times without it touching the ground.
I don't know why, but it seems customary to attach a piece of razor blade in every threatening letter.
He risks getting fired to advise against his boss.
If loudspeakers are too loud, the sound will be distorted.
He was not well-prepared, and he couldn't say anything to respond.
How can I win her heart?
We shouldn't be afraid/ashamed of asking stupid questions.
John has just married a beautiful lady.
It is rare that we few are having such a nice chat, why not stay to drink up till we get drunk tonight!
There are many bubbles in soda water.
He walks slowly as a snail.
Passengers carrying large items, please use the lift.
If a failed policy causes public dissent, the responsibility is on the government.
The coach talks about tactics before tomorrow's competition.
The divination suggests that you should leave your home to avert disaster.
Mum has bought a pack of fishcake.
The doctor tries his best to save the dying patient.
The industry you're in is very volatile. I think you should save more money and prepare during good times, so when the economy isn't doing as well, you won't need to worry as much.
You should eat some thin congee if you have diarrhoea. Don't eat rice.
Whenever I ask him to do housework, he says he is busy.
This company outsourced its whole IT department.
The film cassette has been opened and over-exposed, such that all the images have disappeared.
So few fathers are that open-minded.
Just feel free! Everybody don't be so stiff.
As competition is keen in the world, once you all do not improve, others will catch up.
Hong Kong is a cosmopolitan metropolis.
Just transfer the sum via ATM.
I spent two thousand dollars on the phone, then found out that the store downstairs only sells it for fifteen hundred. I'm so out of money now!
The public rental housing of Choi Hung with colorful walls looks like a rainbow.
Mom's handmade dumplings are so good!
Not today, I have a private tuition session with a kid.
Puberty is a necessary procedure in the process of growth.
Most people enter the workplace immediately after graduation.
The MTR is crowded. I should have taken a bus.
She says she supports Ah Chaak's doctrine of having children, but she is actually using his name to sell condoms.
He won't fall in love with you. Give up!
Don't look down on Hong Kong athletes. Many of them have won world-class competitions.
The relative humidity now is 89 percent.
His argument digresses from the subject.
The article will be effective starting from next year.
Sticky rice balls is my favourite dessert.
He looks so busy. I wonder where he's rushing to?
Buttons are often sewn on the right hand side on men's shirts and the left hand side on ladies'.
The body of that police who died on duty will be buried in a civil servant cemetery.
Damn this machine! Why doesn't it start?
This Ponzi scheme reached a very large scale, estimated at a loss of up to billions.
Our university has many departments and thus is a comprehensive university.
He pulled open the drawer, and took out a watch.
Last night, I made a mistake while rushing to finish the work and sent the wrong document.
Watch the trailer to satisfy your craving for some time then.
Today we gather to mourn for our late grandmother.
This dish is so famous; we really need to savour it.
After two hours of talking with you, all my trouble was swept away.
Professional ballet dancers usually have elegant carriages.
George Soros is one of the most ruthless player in the stock market.
The chicken is stringy, fresh, and superb with the sauce!
SARS severely wreaked havoc on Hong Kong's economy in 2003. Be that as it may, Hong Kong people fought the adversity bravely.
Mother always treats us like children.
Centimetre is a unit of measurement for measuring length.
The teapot is not well-made, it leaks when I pour tea from it.
Your father is passed way.
I was having lunch with him, and he kept bombarding me with sarcasm. How impolite he was!
The government gave its full support to the campaign.
Keeping pets is all about responsibility. Since you can barely take care of yourself, I don't think it's a good idea for you to blindly follow the trend.
The handbag is three hundred dollars after discount.
These days, many parents would have their kids enrolled in pre-nursery classes.
I can't speak English. I only know the twenty-six letters of the alphabet.
Do it properly. Don't be so slipshod.
I have finally achieved the dream I've had for years.
When you live in countryside, you need to hang a mosquito net when sleeping.
You are so arrogant. No one will want to play with you because of that.
The design of this clock is very special; it really suits the living room.
The public hearing on the relocation program was not announced to the residents, so very few attended it.
I am a carpenter, having a saw on me at all time is normal.
This ticket is only valid on the date of issue.
Those stupid frontline police officers still don't realise that they are about to become "condoms".
This street is flooded whenever it rains.
he smiles a lot publicly, but privately he actually cries a lot.
No matter you continue your study or start working, we would respect your decision.
Don't help her. Let her do it by herself.
I wish to have a chance to meet my better-half after being single for a few years!
Man smiles so nice, the lump under her eyes makes her eyes smile.
Looks like this parrot has lost its owner.
It is disgusting of you to snatch your childhood friend's lover.
Your old injuries have not healed yet so don't push yourself when you feel pain from running.
He took a great risk to save people from the fire scene.
How could you not drink any water for the whole day?
Kuomintang and Communists united to fight against Japan during the Second World War.
Things are getting worse. Do you have any solution?
The cats in Hong Kong have been fed very well by their owners.
How are you ever going to achieve anything if you give up halfway?
Hong Kong's economy remains depressed, with unemployment at around 7 percent.
The wine leaks out of the urn once it's broken
You have to obey your superiors' orders.
If you keep talking nonsense, I will make your head bleed!
Please treat pets with respect and compassion. Do not treat them cruelly.
Years ago, he decided to concentrate fully on academics.
Sir, don't give me a fail please!
[ChatGPT]This artist's career took off after leaving the company and is now shining brightly.
Last night, a warehouse in Kwai Chung caught fire.
Tsk! Are you serious? You want to be rewarded for such sloppy work?
Sorry, this is the lowest price we can offer.
[ChatGPT]The lost hiker has finally been rescued.
I felt much better after talking to him.
You don't have to ask for mercy for him. I won't forgive him.
Call your teacher to ask for leave.
tomorrow is the first day to work, what should I notice?
Stop dawdling! You're going to be late! Have you done dawdling yet?
In summer, nothing tastes better than ice pops.
He claimed that he was innocent.
He refused to explain due to privacy concerns.
At this moment he needs your care.
Institutional investors bought shares to raise the stock price rapidly.
The nerd A-chung has become listless since he lost his Moe anime girl figures.
He's late as usual, there is no need to wait for him.
You're so old already, you should be generous instead of picking on the child!
I would like to invite him to write a preface for my new book.
Grandma bought some paper dolls today for grave visiting tomorrow.
After mixing up whales and sharks, he became his friends' target of satire every time they eat out.
The trunks of these two banyan trees are entangled with each other, that's why it's called the lover's tree.
The police officers circled the robbers.
You should seize this opportunity, these opportunities are rare.
Who do you think you are? Trying to act all high class and things!
You cannot simply step back because of the difficulty!
This character is not common. I don't know how to read it.
I suspect she is a spy for the police.
I will continue loving you in the remaining time.
As we rarely meet up, let's go to Mong Kok Centre and take photo stickers as a memento.
Whatever I say is useless as he just pays no heed to it.
Only can we tolerate injustice in our surroundings?
He has been accused of more than 10 charges.
I was woken at six this morning.
You'd better make sure your own son behaves!
Make a turn at the next block and we will arrive at Wo Hop Shek.
It's somewhat cold outside. Better put on a windbreaker.
The cart noodles I like is sold by a roadside store.
Don't assume that he will definitely succeed, even if he has great ambitions.
Can't you be flexible? Just take whatever transportation is available!
I work so hard because I don't want to let my family down.
He used a long pass to send the ball to the opponent's half.
Dear honourable guests, the banquet is ready. Please kindly make your way to the dining hall and enjoy.
Get lost, don't stand in my way!
This time the earthquake destroyed countless homes.
He's gained some weight recently and needs to wear extra-large now.
The current public examination policies still have many shortcomings. It cannot properly evaluate the levels of the students.
He got much haggard after his wife's death.
Once the infrared light detects any suspicious person, the alarm will ring.
Tomorrow is the start of the new term, but I have not even touched my summer assignments. I am a dead man.
Every year our secondary school holds a notice board design competition to encourage students to cooperate and decorate the classroom.
Each bag of potato chips has a net weight of 110 grams.
Competition is intense. I don't stand a chance.
She wants to break my family apart. She is indeed an evil woman!
You guys are careless, lazy and irresponsible when working, how can I trust you?
If you guys are still struggling against each other, it would only profit the opposing faction.
The widow living next door raised her five children on her own.
He knows nothing apart from spending money. A typical big-spending and spoiled kid.
If I resent you, I may pester you. If I don't like you, I may smack you!
Just follow the template to draft your essay.
We will provide assistance to those who are in need.
If you are in a large echo chamber, it may not be easy for you to encounter different opinions.
Don't think that nobody can hear you whispering to each other. It's being recorded by the mic.
Two days ago, I bought a Canton porcelain vase in Gwongzau. It's beautiful.
The economy is under both external and internal stress that many shops and companies close.
The Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra will be the first to perform.
I've just moved in, and I'm still getting used to the surroundings.
This pack of shrimp crackers is almost bottomless, it is going to last us a long time.
My elder brother suffers from bipolar disorder, and has to take mood stabilisers.
She often talks about foolish ideas.
Candidates must bring along your examination permit in order to enter the examination hall.
He has been nice to my face but said unpleasant things about me behind my back.
Celebrities were also tricked that their accounts were stolen once they clicked the link.
We will alight at the last stop.
[ChatGPT]He is a light sleeper, even the slightest sound of rain will keep him awake.
I put my life in that man's hands.
In this meeting, the two presidents will discuss bilateral relations. Moreover, they will exchange their views on environmental protection as well.
The police in Taiwan is investigating into why the dust explosion happened.
The content of his paper was absolutely brilliant.
The logistics industry can bring Hong Kong's existing advantages into full play and create many job opportunities.
The weather's so good today, let's set sail on a boat trip.
The air-con in my room is 3/4 horsepower.
I don't like going by ferry. I will be dizzy.
Don't put everything into your mouth, you'll get stomach ache.
On the lorry there are thirty boxes of goods roughly.
I have finally closed the deal. Everything is going to be alright now.
There may be twists and turns in life, but the most important thing is to have confidence in yourself.
At the end of the day, he's your son. You can't leave him like that.
You will surely impress the grader if you can show off by citing many quotes in your writing test.
Beautiful and talented, she deserved the championship of the beauty pageant well.
The firefighters smash the door to rescue those who are trapped inside.
The book is completed and is ready for printing.
He is wrong, please do not blindly take his side.
The northeast monsoon is bringing cold weather to southern China.
My parents-in-law treat me well.
The movie you want to watch has already been off the big screen.
In "Dream of the Red Chamber", poetry works were added as foreshadowing to imply the fate of characters.
The police searched him, but found no contraband.
Under normal temperature and pressure, water turns into ice at 0 degree Celsius.
Please help me mail this parcel.
A bad person like him does not deserve to have people take pity on him.
I've heard that recently a flasher often appears near our home. Be aware when you go out alone.
The president has profound support from the public, it is a sure win in the coming presidential race.
Those drunken men are causing trouble again.
It is only natural for a mother to share her children's pain and take extra care for them.
Haven't seen your son for a year. He looks a lot more mature than before.
I have received some unexpected money recently, so I planned to spend part of it on some good causes.
You must check the traffic lights when crossing the street!
After Sally had come first to cross the finish line, we went there and congratulated her on having won her race.
Wash the apple before you eat it.
Team A made a comeback in the second half and won 3:2.
Some social workers regret for their ignorance of the inhuman activities in correctional institutions.
Such character of yours will be an obstacle from success one day.
If you hadn't been so compliant, I would have treated you with a bullet in the head.
You still owe me money, pay up!
I want to invite you over to have a home-style meal together.
The girls surrounded him, casting envious eyes on him.
Guitars go out of tune if you just put them away long enough.
He is rushing to hand in his works by the deadline.
When you wash the dishes, you break them. You are so clumsy.
Banking stocks are much sought-after by investors.
Now, we are using medicine as a temporary measure to suppress his illness.
He sought $1 million compensation to make up for his ordeal.
Dad likes going to the park and sleeping on one of the benches.
The shrimps will have a change in colour after being cooked.
Why are you in a hurry? Why do you worry that they won't wait for you?
I forgot to bring my key. I'm so unlucky today.
Bro, he complains about everything all the time. How am I supposed to put up with him?
The general once served with distinction in the war, thus building his own prestige.
When he works at his company, he's always spared no effort.
Kay has her own painting style.
The meal just now was so expensive that I've spent all my money on it.
Since both of us are brothers, it doesn't matter who pays since it's the same.
They're building a buffer zone here to reduce the traffic noise.
The scientists told us that there may be some living beings in Mars.
After seeing that you're alright, then I'm relieved.
Just eat all those cow vagina as Chairman Chen requested. If you don't do what he say when he ask, you will surely be forced to do it anyway.
Scandalous rumours have been circulating in outside circles.
He couldn't think it through and decided to kill himself.
Every time I see her cheeks, I can't resist the urge to squeeze them.
Haha ! Sterling stepped on the ball and fell down on the first touch, made me laugh to death.
You should save the data first.
His sacrifice will not be in vain!
Let's form a team and join the competition.
An An and Jia Jia are the oldest pandas in the world.
Retirement at the best time of one's career can keep the best impression in people's mind.
I chit-chatted with the salesperson.
The authorities received a tip that his company uses pirated software. Perhaps he didn't treat his ex-employees well.
I am passionately devoted to her but she has never been touched.
Citizens in the area have to undergo compulsory testing and stay within the area.
He is still so tough after the pain.
He left in haste and even forgot to bring along his wallet.
My headphone cord was knotted.
He is definitely devoid of conscience that he sells his wife and children to earn money.
A-chung is sharing his suffering at the jail.
With social networking sites, Mum regains contact with her friends from primary school.
She has very delicate facial features, and her beauty resembles that of a doll.
His lip is faster than his head and he has planted loath in the people around him.
The set meals aren't worth the money and we don't really like the dishes, let's eat  la carte.
Don't play on the street, you two.
The lovers always show off their relationship, neglecting the feeling of those who are single.
[ChatGPT]Brother, we're all working, no need to get so worked up.
This time she will travel to Japan via Hong Kong.
In modern society, blind marriage is already outdated.
I heard, with my own ears, that the boss is giving us a raise next month.
We will have him greet with the guests. He is such a darling!
Why were you so dull yesterday?
What can I do for you, Madam?
Our school magazine is published once a month.
Wow, you are driving at 80 km per hour, beware you will get caught by the police cameras.
Having completed one, you shouldn't mind doing just to do one more.
Working the overnight shift on the bus could be strenuous.
Close the window, please.
You don't have to take it out on me.
My contract is ending soon. I wonder if my boss would renew it with me.
He moved so far away that every day he needs to drive 3 hours for commuting, wasting time indeed.
In Hong Kong, fluorides are added into tap water to prevent tooth decay.
After making this shirt, there are many cloth wastes.
Given the fierce fire, the firefighters can only withdraw from the fire scene.
Today it's our honor to have Mr. Chan here to share the shining moments of his life.
He softened his tone after realizing that he had no bargaining chips left.
The exit was blocked by the police, I can't go out.
We hang out in that milk-bar every night.
The favourite in the pageant is 20 years old.
Shrimp is rich in purines. You know you have gout right? Eat less of them for goodness' sake.
Our team has the same goal and all members support one another.
During the interview, that middle-aged pilot kept noticing the hints given with his by-standing supervisor's eyes and dared not answer frankly.
Your password is so simple that others can crack very easily.
This seat in the District Council has been vacant for quite some time.
You guys wanna fight each other? Cool. I'm grabbing some popcorn.
His heart is so weak that he needs a cardiac stimulant.
[ChatGPT]If there's an emergency meeting at work, then I'll have to take a day off tomorrow.
After my son knows how to walk, he walks all over the house/home.
Don't overestimate your ability! How can you move this chair on your own?
She could only speak softly because of her illness.
She's the assistant I recently recruited.
Tough I have worked on the report for so many days, I'm still doing the first part of it.
She lost her self-esteem for the sake of money. How sad it is!
Wars have led life to wither and fall. It is sad to look at it.
Nowadays, how can we take their unacceptable service?
He is innocent, but the judge misjudged that he committed a crime.
There are so much work to do. I don't even have time to eat.
The government strives to provide a fair environment in order to enhance the confidence of foreign merchants to do business in Hong Kong.
We already have one at home. What's the point of buying a new one?
I won the Mark Six, this time I'm rich thanks to ancestors' blessing!
Why did you buy us a heater in summer? It is completely useless.
He intentionally asked those difficult questions.
Next time if you are still naughty, you will definitely be beaten.
I ordered a chicken cutlet rice dish... There's no chicken cutlet but there's pork chop? Fine, I guess I'll take that then.
He took a document out of the file to read.
The channel has up to 300000 subscribers.
The road is too narrow that I can only walk through by turning my body to one side.
Could you give us one more demonstration, please?
I just realised that gummies are made by animal bones!
Manager treats his colleagues to afternoon tea.
He looked at this river for quite a while, associating with things that happened in the past.
Jujube tea is a must-have item in Chinese weddings.
Water is a universal solvent in some sense.
Please put the sunscreen on me evenly.
Stop day-dreaming! You want to get rich? Wait for the next life!  Get back to work now!
What is your conclusion based on?
Although she is a famous star, she played a minor role in the movie. It is rumoured that she is unhappy about the arrangement.
We take night bus to the airport because we need to take a night flight.
The student union is entrusted with the money, but they pay their own karaoke bill with students' money.
This cha chaan teng is famous for its coconut tarts.
The fax machine has run out of paper, so it can't take incoming faxes at the moment.
With a very clear understanding of the international situation, he foresaw the war.
The event this year is worse than those in the past few years.
I only managed to get this job because he didn't want the offer.
Public nudity is an indecent behaviour.
If you get your clutch control right, you will drive smoothly. If you cannot get it right, everything will be problematic.
Why do they announce their recruitment if they don't fucking mean it!
After the car crash, she died of severe injuries.
It is now one hour before the handover. He should not be in the office that early.
You are always talking about your past with me that I can almost memorize it.
Please help spread the post.
They have dissolved their partnership after three years of co-operation.
This apple tree is flourishing, and there are so many apples.
Zhao Yun set up the empty fort strategy to scare Cao Cao away, really proving himself one gallant man.
There are lots of booth games over there. Why don't we go and have a look?
Speak loudly and never speak quietly.
Whenever the away team gets the ball, the home fans boo them immediately.
Let's fix a date for travel.
This student from The University of Hong Kong is very good at English.
I get diarrhea every time I drink milk.
My class teacher is quite lazy, she always passes all the class affairs to the class monitors.
She became famous overnight after she joined the singing contest.
From my point of view, he's right.
In the ancient Chinese society, men could marry concubines.
I work as a columnist for a Hong Kong newspaper.
The abalone is counterfeit, I'll freaking sue this restaurant!
Ah-ming is always arrogant, so he is hated by everyone. He has no friends in class.
I've arranged to go fishing out at sea with some friends next week.
Do you care whether your boyfriend is shorter than you?
to send an ambassador to another country
We will try even if there isn't much hope of success.
That man can sing really low.
Rememer to comb your hair before you go out.
Boss, I'm having excessive heat these days, make a bowl of congee with century egg and lean meat for me.
Although being made of particle board does reduce weight, solid wood is much more durable.
I guess this time we have to wait for the god to save us.
I envy you so much that you married such a good wife; she is both socially accomplished and a good housewife.
I don't feel comfortable wearing high heels.
My girlfriend was furious at first. After hours of trying to make her happy, her rage softens.
I bid this mobile phone on the internet.
The Hong Kong team now leads 3:1.
The damage was far more serious than I had initially thought.
Before taking any action, I will analyse the data given by my informer first.
Hong Kong's interest rates closely track those in the United States because of the territory's currency peg to the US dollar.
My daytime contact number is 12345678.
I haven't seen you for some time and you are still in great shape, how do you do that?
Of course - I paid attention in class.
Oh by the way, don't follow me anymore.
He is now a superstar in the movie industry.
Sam and May have grown up with each other and are childhood friends.
Something's wrong with my computer - I can't boot it up.
This area is strategically significant, both sides will pour everything they have to seize control.
What's the background of this new manager?
Many have left messages down there to show support.
"Miss, I wanna go to the toilet." "You may not. Sit back down!"
I am going out for a workout.
Will the stock market rise or fall? It's anyone's guess.
Hey! You lecherous man! If you stare at me lustfully again I will report you for sexual harassment!
With such financial loss, I wouldn't be surprised that I would be sent away with boxes as an example.
Let me go to the toilet of a restaurant nearby beforehand.
The war finally broke out.
Simple is the trend. There is no need for unnecessary decorations.
Aren't you deceiving yourself and others?
We are going to make a presentation tomorrow.
When babies are born, they know how to suck milk from their mothers already.
I'll go into the fitting room and come out after a while.
It's not the world of online media yet.
The amber rainstorm signal has been hoisted. Be careful when you go out.
Many tenants are complaining about the increase of rent every year, which brings burden to them.
He's so poor, you'll definitely have to suffer if you marry him.
My company is a cheapskate. They request me to take a business trip to Shanghai, but they don't cover my travel insurance!
We should start this plan with the grassroots first.
There is a concealed ruin in this mountain.
These are common ways to crime.
My wife is now pregnant. Let me do the heavy lifting.
Japan has become the strongest country in Asia.
The bus driver absconded after causing the car accident.
That time she suddenly tripped, we all laughed our heads off!
Oh crap, I forgot to bring my wallet...
They submitted a tender to rent a shop in the Housing Department's shopping malls. Just now, it is announced that they have been awarded the tender.
We sat at the back of the bus.
I have been working with you for so long, so I know you well.
After times of revision I still don't know about it, how should I do?
Their flight will arrive in Hong Kong in the evening.
He asked me to buy some food for him.
Some people have a talent for music, though sadly, without further development and nurturing, it will stagnate.
Is oatmeal a lifesaver for those on a diet?
Today's meeting is to mainly discuss the arrangements of activities.
He has nothing to do with it. Someone set him up.
He looked calm but actually was feeling great in his heart.
[ChatGPT]Venice is known as the romantic water town, while Tai O has earned the nickname "Venice of the East".
The word "noun" is a noun.
He has the strange habit of collecting old shoes.
She is not that pretty, but her voice is sexy.
Around a thousand soldiers were killed in this war.
The rumour has been widely spread. What should we do now?
People smoked and created a foul atmosphere here.
Bring your friends to go sightseeing.
I can smell dad's smelly socks as soon as he steps into home.
The dishes are left unfinished.
It is amazing that you are able to interpret the philosophy of Chuang Tzu at such a young age.
I tend to put local interests first.
What my teacher taught me has been etched firmly into my mind.
All these confidential documents will be sealed up.
After being shouted at by his mother, he returns to his room in frustration.
You are a grown-up. Don't always throw a tantrum.
He won endless endorsement for his reforms.
These wastes could be recycled and reused.
The water from the air conditioner dripped on my ice cream!
It is dangerous for you to put the cup at the edge of the table.
I have never seen a cubic watermelon before, how quaint.
The whole course of this murder case was turned into a film.
The detective discovers the truth gradually.
Mum works so hard because she just wants us to be outstanding in the future.
Drinking and driving harms you and others. If you drink, don't drive.
the dense forest screened the guerrillas' movements.
The sink is now very shiny and clean.
Up until now, doctors have still not found any way to treat this new disease.
The definition of this word is unclear.
It is unfortunate for them to meet these nemesis at the gate event.
His/her home has 1000Mbps broadband internet.
I'm a friend of your wife.
I will come back and finish you off. You'll see!
It's so late! Why is he still not back yet? I truly hope nothing has happened to him.
The "bing sutt" is an old type of restaurant.
There are so many brids flying in this area, gotta be hit by bird shit one day.
I stared at the iron-grey sky and made smoke come out of my mouth.
There is still one minute until the end of the exam. All examinees are racing against time to complete the last question.
They live with their own parents, and they will go to a hotel for sex when there's a need.
I won't take your dirty money! Do you still have conscience?
Doing bad deeds affect your karma,  you may have lots of money but you may not get to enjoy it!
She whispered in my ear, "I love you very much."
The hospital staff just called me, I gotta go now.
You haven't finished the work yet? Then I'll leave first.
This bank provides property valuation service.
He was on the spot at that time and witnessed the gunman killing people.
Let's have lunch together after the meeting!
Each governmental department works as self-contained and autistic units. The lack of inter-departmental communication has wasted a lot of resource.
Look at him, how nervous he is now!
Seeing the neighbouring store has made huge profits by selling knockoffs, he has decided to follow suit in order to have a share of the business.
The grass is so soft and it's the best bed!
A prequel of this novel just published. Have you read it yet?
Don't bother me anymore, I won't come back to be with you.
Your straight forward way of speaking easily hurts people.
Inn in ancient times is equivalent to hotel room nowadays.
Stay! As you can't help in this matter and will only become a burden!
The teacher invites students in the class to write some rhythmic baak-laam verses.
A-chung had been playing video games without sleep for five days and nights. He died suddenly on the sixth morning.
Don't comply with his request so easily.
The cashier has no way to communicate with the Japanese customer, like a chicken talking to a duck.
This year, our alumni donated $10 million to our school for renovation of the school building.
Whenever I see his illegible handwriting my head will ache.
She has inherited a pair of big eyes from her mother.
I am losing my memory, as I grow older and older.
I haven't seen Ming for the best part of a month.
Why do people risk their life to eat pufferfish?
Your photo has lost focus, the background is so clear but the person is blurred
Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong
Only in girls' schools can you witness the grand spectacle of sanitary pads flying all over the place.
Can you stay with me for awhile?
What a good kid, helping out your mum!
Whatever happens tomorrow, please do not give up on resistance in the future.
His cooking is impeccable!
Shivering, I am so angry that my face turns red as well.
I will count down from 3. You better get up before I say the third word.
They are having a good time playing hand games while drinking.
He is really influential. His banquet was attended by a lot of famous people.
They need a cooling-off period to adapt to the change.
The whole company is now knee deep in factional conflicts, my boss was forced to give up a rook to save the king, booting his right hand man in order to save his own skin.
I got terrible diarrhoea after we had sashimi here last time. I've learned my lesson - there's no way I'm gonna order sashimi anymore.
We'll start having our lunch break five minutes earlier today.
Seeing the foe who murdered her father, she can't help fuming with rage.
Many foreigners think Chinese is difficult because the system is said to be different from those of other languages.
When he just sits there idly, he will make frivolous remarks about the appearance of those who come in.
Any specific tricks or techniques that you can teach me?
Did you get your life insurance?
The gist of this notice is to remind employees to wash their hands frequently.
He lived alone deep in the mountains, cutting off all communication with the outside world.
BWH measurements are always used in the fashion industry.
This new game is the latest masterpiece of Nintendo.
He is often criticized for acting in a despotic manner.
You are always the number one in my mind.
Go and sit under the trees if you are feeling hot.
I have met him once before, I should be able to recognise when I see him later today.
Don't overdo anything. Remember to stop when you've had enough.
Objects fall down the floor and make a banging noise.
In some boarding schools, students are allowed to attend as day pupils.
This match has obviously been fixed, with the score run up so high.
Zoos are proof of human selfishness.
He went to the emergency room because of high fever.
The monster let out a thunderous roar.
Freedom is hard-earned. We should treasure it.
Please dress appropriately for the wedding.
Don't think about getting back with your ex again ever. It just wastes your effort.
He went to sleep very late last night so he is absent-minded now.
Siu-ming's temperament changed a lot these days. What happened?
This medicinal syrup can be addictive.
Indian food uses a lot of different spices.
Every night he comes home drunk.
She will perform a dance in the show.
The Potala palace is a magnificent structure.
What an amusing notion! When did I ever say that I liked you?
Their testimonies are identical word for word. The two witnesses conspired to give false statements, didn't they?
There's tofu, eggs, lean pork, tomatoes, and what not.
Do not cower when you encounter any difficulties.
People say there are many pretty girls in this university.
Don't disturb her, she might be having sex with her husband.
Can we have the menu please?
Don't take in anything raw or cold while you are sick.
She does not have any family in Hong Kong.
If you go to the Great Wall on rainy days, you may fall down easily.
We have elected Ah-ying as our class representative.
I will pass your complaint on to the higher authorities.
The composition is well written but irrelevant to the topic, so marks are deducted.
Just be casual and rush to McDonald's for late supper anyways.
He's so unfortunate and you're still mocking him. How cruel can you be!
The seats are all occupied by bags in the library, but nobody is actually sitting there, it's really pissing me off.
A-chung claimed he knows sorcery. How absurd!
This person's appearance is a bit strange and kinda ugly.
Is it really worth bickering over such a small matter?
This bar can control the vertical position.
Several senior movie actors passed away in succession this year.
How much pocket money do you have?
He drones on and on, and he often bothers others.
I can't see why people think the garbage he writes has any substance or packs any punch.
This harddisk has 2TB of storage.
The trousers will fit if the trouser leg is lengthened a bit.
I lost my ID and have to make a declaration tomorrow. How annoying.
Her body is very flexible. You can let her take some gymnastics classes.
Academic qualifications are not necessarily a true reflection of the command of knowledge.
The company is united to overcome the hardship.
If you pass the exam, then I buy you a present.
If we can't beat them 3-0, I'll cut off my dick!
Could you stop looking around when listening?
I always bought cart noodles when I was a secondary student because it's affordable.
Do you like me? Why do you always peek at me?
The weather is sultry, it's so easy to sweat.
The King ordered the minister to present the treasure.
That officer said that if I don't go away, he will press charge on me.
My library books are a week overdue.
We've just moved in.
I drink some tea and eat a piece of cake with my mum.
Selling umbrellas often depends on the weather.
He was dead while his heart was filled with resentment.
In these days of little money it's really hard to survive.
The opposing team is just weak. We destroyed them in no time.
It would be very wasteful to throw the computer away just because it's a little scratched up.
Apprentices should start from scratch rather than aiming high.
I cannot hold a candle to you when it comes to arithmetics.
Mr To is an arrogant person, I called him but he didn't reply to me.
He plays video games all the time and doesn't want to do anything else.
The family members of the deceased felt disappointed at the judgement.
Sumo is one of the national sports of Japan.
I strongly oppose the building of a new railway.
Does our company provide meals for us?
Unless you go to Guangdung or Nanning in Guangxi, it's hard not to speak in "poor tone hwa" when you visit mainland China.
He was so free in the summer that he watched movies every day and has become a great movie fan.
I was initially unaware of the excess change, but later I went back to return the money.
He lost his arm in a construction accident. Who could have guessed that he would return to the firm with a prosthesis in three years.
Most of the American Founding Fathers had inclination towards deism.
The Soviet Union has already disintegrated and is splited into 15 nation states.
The competition is postponed and will be held next month.
Your jokes are so bad that they're actually good.
When you're playing, don't strangle the neck, it's really dangerous.
A-yan admires this work of art because of its delicacy.
Your eyes become red. Have you cried?
Your Chinese has greatly improved!
Stop speaking from your ass. If you don't know, just admit it.
Your bangs are messy. You should comb it.
I'm just old enough to participate in the marathon.
He is a yes-man to the boss, what an ass-kisser.
From now on, I will be alone.
Why are you tipping so much? Are you crazy?
The game has already been completed in his saved game data.
I've never eaten stinky tofu. I really want to give it a try.
Bring up some feasible ideas please, don't be so unrealistic!
The school authority urges students to abide by school rules.
It was a one-sided match, a 7-1 landslide win with the only conceded goal an own goal.
He is so well-heeled and handsome, and that's why he's being pursued by a number of girls.
You should take care of your own health during the convalescent period. Otherwise, you will regret it when you grow older.
How could I possibly express my profound affection in so few words?
Oh no, I've broken dad's camera!
From a different perspective, had someone treated you the same way, you would be quite upset, wouldn't you?
Do not dash around, you may easily bump into someone else.
Most of the food in Hong Kong is imported from mainland China.
He's not here right now, you can phone him up later.
You'll feel drowsy after taking this drug. Remember, do not operate any machine while you are on it.
The authority decides to postpone the open examination.
Recently technology stocks are highly praised and has become very popular among speculators.
The government finally did something to save the property market.
It was two weeks before the drama performance, and this guy suddenly decided to call it quits, so I had no choice but to ask somebody else for help.
The word "lift" is a sound transliteration of an English word.
We haven't met for months. Let's have a kiss!
Where are you having lunch today?
Haven't seen her for such a long time, she looks somehow different.
I want to go to Langham Place. How can I get there?
You're married with a husband. Don't interfere in our relationship.
The public has long been circulating many theories regarding the reasons of spiritual possession.
I'll have a show tomorrow, will you come?
We have designed a birthday card as a gift to her.
Our teacher gave us a tip and told us which questions would show up on the test.
I don't know how to use the email. Fax me the document later please.
Economy has been slacking recently and the unemployment figure has multiplied.
I hired you to do accounting for me, not to go on Facebook!
He's a university graduate, of course he has a higher social status.
The polar bears and the cartoon characters have enriched the atmosphere of the Christmas season.
I think it is time to reinvigorate our army's 332nd Mobile Company.
How's the match between Liverpool and Chelsea going?
A student from Mainland China was 'bought up' by someone with the price of ten thousand dollars per month.
The shampoo he recommended does not do well.
The market for personal computers has already reached the point of saturation.
All of my colleagues are nice. They always help me.
We thought they were going to get married.
I want to have my own study room.
White double line means you cannot cut across it.
I swallowed a watermelon seed. What should I do?
The old phone is not working. Use the old one to substitute first.
I was saved by the airbag in my previous car crash.
What are you cooking? Its smell is so aromatic!
Don't treat me as if I don't exist!
He slipped on a banana peel and fell down.
He has not been able to find a job and his life is becoming more and more miserable.
The team was crippled by his absence.
A speaker must be able to control the situation in order to deliver the speech smoothly.
Grandfather becomes older but he is more healthy and energetic that he walks very fast.
He always shows off, but he has no qualifications.
The typhoon will land on Hong Kong on tomorrow's early morning.
How much longer until the next bus stop? I can't hold it anymore!
Considering your diligence, Mum shall prepare a lavish banquet for you to eat!
Before being hospitalized, people must wear patients' clothes first.
You think I really care? I couldn't care less.
Taking a shower uses less water than soaking in the bath tub.
Don't you feel lonely? You have been single for so many years!
Under stress, athletes still act calmly.
Workers dug for clams when they ebbed on the beach.
He has a rather angular and unpleasant face.
They often chat with other members in their group. Indeed they're familiar with one another.
He looks so handsome, never expect he is so otaku.
Jay doesn't like you, so please don't fall for him.
Elizabeth Hospital is the short form of Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
Captialists tend to exploit workers since ancient times.
This art work is close to perfection.
The river flows slowly here.
It is not allowed to keep domestic animals in public estates.
The pork is raw. If you eat it, you will get parasites.
It's finally over after a whole day of lessons. I'm free!
She walks to her office every day in stilettos, won't her feet get sore?
We still need two more people to have enough, can you guys help to make up the numbers?
Don't watch TV while dining.
This workout movement can tone your lower body muscles.
You are lying! Stop telling bullshit!
There are only 100 copies of this invaluable car in this world.
Tin Shui Wai, of Hong Kong's administration, enjoys self-rule de facto though.
For details please read chapter 5 of the book.
Descartes wrote a book in Latin.
[ChatGPT]I only lost to him by a nose!
I look forward to receiving a letter from the postman.
Their birth times do not match, so they argue a lot.
Please don't believe her trick. I'm haven't cheating on you!
Ever since he had a stroke, he couldn't speak.
As long as we have plenty of time for the journey, we need not hurry.
There were no air conditioners in the ancient time. Ice houses were deployed for cooling.
The government has reached an agreement with the unions.
Their family is waiting outside the delivery room.
What are you looking at your food for? Are you taking an oath? Finish up your meal!
Today, 20 brothers and sisters have been baptised.
The team leader just bluffs his qualification and leads the team.
He supports killing no lives, not even a mosquito.
I don't think we should have sex so quickly.
People with haemophilia have problems with blood coagulation.
I granted this vase as a reward from the king.
I work as an office clerk in this company.
If you fare-dodge and get caught, there will be a high fine.
The plot of this drama is complicated. It's hard to explain in such a short time.
Some people believe that humans will be reincarnated after death.
Every one should learn to survive under adversity
He is obviously trying to disgrace me, I am rightfully angry.
Don't speak so much, it seems that this is your talk show and we don't have a chance to speak up.
She is a straightforward person and she never talks euphemistically.
Children grow tall very quickly.
How much do I need to pay you for being my private detective one day?
My bad habit is gambling.
Some people said that he came good out of a misfortune, he could only give a wry smile.
This car can only accommodate five people.
I may have put the keys here.
The principal shook hands with the graduates one by one.
Has the baby been vaccinated with BCG since birth?
Do you have an eye problem? Your eyes are looking in different directions.
What they are discussing is too complicated. I'm not knowledgeable enough to join in the discussion.
If you think that open-book exams are easy because memorization is not required, then you are quite mistaken.
The stock market is short of capital right now, everyone is expecting the government to proceed quantitative easing soon.
The doctor gave me a shot in my left arm.
You can only come in with a staff pass to prove you are a staff member here.
He really hit the jackpot. He's soaked from head to toe.
You should call nine nine nine only when you really need it. Otherwise, you may be arrested for committing an offense.
The headquarter appoints him as the director of a department.
My arm felt achy after playing tennis all day.
My elbow has a joint dislocation, and I need to go to hospital.
It is already at half game, and he has not put in any real effort.
We have decided to escalate our actions with immediate effect.
He is hated by everyone. He is extremely arrogant yet incapable.
The teacher taught students to be people with noble character.
My mother sells vegetables in the market. She has to open the stall at 5am every day.
He is so fussy that he criticises everything.
I am going on a cruisecation a few days later.
This is the only solution we have. We should try it anyway.
As your combat advisor, I suggest you call off this attack immediately.
His novel design won him the big prize.
The students think about life following the teacher's guidance step-by-step.
Hand me the chicken-feather dusterthis child needs a spanking.
The monitor of your laptop is quite big.
When Ka-kei was in secondary school, he joined his school's basketball team. His skills still has not gone rusty.
Please look after my purse for me.
Hotels would regard every customer as a distinguished guest.
He is such a girl. He does facial treatments at home all the time, and he buys a lot of skin care products.
Comrades! Don't shoot!
That curry made me thirsty. Let's get something to drink.
After his divorce, he let himself go and now drinks every day.
The government is conducting an investigation as to opening up the TV radio waves, in order to introduce positive competition.
He does not have a stable loving relationship. The longest one only lasted for a year.
If you eat like that, be warned that you may get high blood pressure, high blood sugar and high blood lipid!
The decrease in vehicle sales exceeded market expectations.
Many people simply want a shelter. They even wouldn't mind living in a cage-home.
The atmosphere is pleasantly warm in this meeting.
If he doesn't appear before 10 o'clock, I'm going without him!
She put on a low-cut dress and dressed up well for the dinner gathering tonight.
In democratic countries, the most reasonable solution to a controversial political issue is to debate it and then vote to come to a decision in the legislature.
There has been an upward trend in the rate of juvenile delinquency.
I argued with her. Now I hope I can change her attitude with my sincerity, so that she will be with me once again.
Usually, people only focus on the lead singer in a band.
Why are you dressing so strangely? Is it the latest trend?
Sexual Conviction Record Check
The athlete who has the most gold medals in the Olympic Games to date is Michael Phelps. He has won eighteen gold medals.
I made him angry; now he's ignoring me.
Chi Lin Nunnery in Diamond Hill is simulated the architecture of Tang.
He was ambushed when he went out at night, and was beaten up badly.
Cheung Po Tsai was a famous pirate in the South China coast.
Your blood lipids are quite high this time; you need to start taking lipid-lowering medications.
This teacher gives comments on the assignment of each student.
You can either zoom in or zoom out.
He did that as a token of good faith.
Time to return the venue.
I met my husband in an online chatroom.
After the P.E. class, the body odour in the classroom is unbearable.
buzzing sound
The road is narrow, the car can't go through it.
What kind of career will allow me to interact with small animals every day?
Who would buy your house if you don't decorate it better?
I warn you. Don't talk recklessly.
What's your name! I'll complain to you!
According to the news something big happened in the subway today.
In response to the request from the disabled, the government provides more welfare to them.
The stick is too long! Let's take it in horizontally!
Nothing is absolutely reliable in the world.
Mad cow disease may have have something to do with the feed.
He is rich now he no longer wants to hang out with us.
If only hatreds are filled between us, dodging each other is what's left for us.
Major subjects generally include Chinese Language, English Language and Mathematics.
They're right in doing that to a certain extent.
Hey, can you bring me that thing next time?
My daughter is still an 18-year-old maiden.
How hard is the question? It's as easy as ABC.
Since this company reduced staff for no reason, many of them complained to the Labour Department.
There's no fucking use in working hard and earning a salary!
The organising party claimed that the number of protestors exceeded fifty thousand.
You'd better behave yourself, or I'll punish you at home.
The business is less busier than as expected.
He is born a sceptic, so however reasonable an opinion is, he only buys a little and doubts the rest.
He's a trickster. Don't trust him.
Colon cancer commonly arises from polyps, enlarging and becoming dysplastic gradually; as this process is rather slow, we can, through different methods, detect pathologies in the colon before it evolves into cancer. One of the most common methods of screening is fecal occult blood testing.
The corporation has a rise of 28% in their net profit.
Everyone has a different perspective on life.
How is the IELTS speaking test assessed?
It's on the floor, but what's to worry? Just pick it up and eat it. Five-second rule!
This is is Melanie, nicknamed Miss. Me.
These oranges are not juicy. Awful!
This film depicts zombies' rampage in the city.
This breed of frogs is very rare.
Please fill in your full name on the first line.
He softened his tone after realizing that he had no bargaining chips left.
This chef is really good at his job, and guarantees good cooking.
Every Sunday, I wake up earlier in the morning just to have pancakes at McDonald's.
Impolite people easily make others feel repugnant.
You don't have to put up with everything. You can tell other people when things happen.
This backward header sent the keeper the wrong way.
Drug trafficking and drug dealing have aggravated in recent years, so Narcotics Bureau has become more important as well.
I was thinking if he can recognize me.
Don't worry! I will give condolence money to your family after you're dead.
The forum's server has been down for two nights. The service is not available.
It is just an extra bowl, please have dinner with us.
Even though he may have offended you, you don't have to beat him up so badly!
I remember that it was less hot in years before.
Many tears dropped down because of the smoke.
Oh you want to know that girl? Let me be your intermediary.
Water samples taken from Dongjiang River are found to contain a high level of lead.
Which hotel are you staying at in your trip to Tokyo this time?
Children are very energetic and vivacious.
This tea is too full. Take a sip first.
His singing touches everyone's hearts.
"How many words did you write for your essay?" "Around 5,000."
The main mission in this game is to find the treasure.
He turned down offers from several big companies and started his own business.
This losing team is often defeated overwhelmingly by their opponents.
Don't be afraid when you're on stage. If you are, you are a loser.
He is very suspicious, especially afraid that someone will poison him.
I broke up with her half a year ago, but I'm still thinking about her from time to time.
Many of you failed to answer this question. I will explain it to you.
The arrangement of consumption vouchers is too complicated. I get so annoyed.
He normally will not go home directly.
It's easy to lose direction in forest.
You are so nasty, how dare you trick me, I won't speak to you!
He thinks very thoroughly; if he thinks there is a problem, there is a problem.
Many girls love to dye their hair dark brown, as it looks bright and natural as well.
If you remain silent, this means you tacitly admit to it!
Since he offended the Commissioner of Police, he was demoted to Sha Tau Kok to "guard the reservoir".
I will have to attend a talk and return home late tomorrow night.
I am now at the very peak of my career, how can I give up easily?
They had a fierce debate for hours on this issue.
He is so severely injured from the beating, that he might be handicapped.
These photos bring back so many great memories.
Mom, do you allow us to watch the TV now?
It is illegal to sell uncensored pornography in Hong Kong.
How unfortunate it is for me to have known you!
You should stay awake tonight and reflect what you have done wrong.
You can finish those multiplications much faster once you memorize the multiplication table well by heart.
Compared with science subjects, literature explores for humanity so substantially.
I'm broke. What I can only do is to make a living through hardship.
There were times I had bought a book without skimming it and later came to regret buying it, so I've gotten into the habit of reading at least part of the books before buying them.
He banged the back of his head and said he was a bit dizzy.
Your dressing style does not meet the restaurant's standard.
This singer only sings the typical pop songs, which everyone could sing. That's so boring.
Emergency service teams safeguard lives and properties of citizens despite extreme weather.
Victoria Harbour is shrouded in a thick layer of mist.
As summer is the tropical cyclone season in Hong Kong, it's not rare to see continual arrival in Hong Kong of tropical cyclones.
When I studied in traditional private school, I had to memorise Three Character Classic.
In the teacher's eyes, conduct matters more than one's grades.
Classic borscht is made from beetroots.
[ChatGPT]The fried dumplings are so delicious, it's like having gold and silver all around.
It's only several ten thousand dollars. That won't cost you your life.
You are not her maid, don't help him to finish up everything.
My husband and I need to have dinner with my family-in-law every week.
Some people dislike smelly food such as stinky tofu, durian, etc.
The surge of the property price is merely an illusion, you better think clearly before making an investment.
This shop sells numerous things that are worth buying.
This old bakery has a seventy-year history.
During afternoon, the  stock market continues its rally.
I almost wanted to just grab his head and smash it onto the table.
Her husband is a rich man, she finds the right person!
His statement is doubted by the police.
I still mean nothing in her heart.
Usually my sister-in-law would do the cooking.
Even if we go to prison, we don't need to be afraid, as we all have a chance to resume our previous high morals.
This is the only way to school; let's wait for him here.
The job of a postman is to dispatch letters.
They said we should not separate ourselves from China.
Last week, Chan Tai Man got into a car accident at Tolo Harbour and bled from every orifice. Luckily, he's alright now.
Even though we kept everything confidential, the news still leaked and spread everywhere.
Stop bullshitting if you don't have proper evidence.
Ming's son has only few books to read but he never feels bored.
His company runs out of cash, so he can only pay debts with inventory.
This incident is caused by carelessness.
The train derailed due to the earthquake.
My driver is on-call all the time, so we can go anywhere today.
She is an extraordinarily appealing woman that many men love her very much.
The doctor said only his next of kin could go and see him in the ward.
This event is so complicated and confusing that the outsiders can hardly understand.
Do you think he is bad?
Do you quit your job before you have found another, or the other way round?
When he gets barbaric, he won't listen to reasons.
There are up to a thousand people in total in this village, regardless of age and gender.
Why are you standing so close to me? Are you trying to grope me?
Im so bored. I'm going out for a stroll.
He just gave a useless speech, and I didn't even pay attention.
Do you know which computer belongs to which person?
She bought a diamond necklace for herself.
This bus is too cramped; even if I somehow get on, there will be no space for me.
I'm not going to look for him anyway, to avoid the trouble of being turned down.
The government has wasted a consultant's fee of $50 million for nothing.
Your job is really a leisure position, you can go to work or take leave any time as you like.
Please take orders for me quickly as I am very hungry!
This team of warlords committed atrocities; they raped and pillaged property from the civilian population.
Stop fiddling around; come and actually help!
The cover girl of this issue's magazine is nice.
The effort you've spent will not be wasted.
He has a great body but is unfortunately cross-eyed.
Falling down from 2/F but having no injury, you are really tough!
It is you who saves my grade. If it wasn't you, I couldn't have submitted this essay on time.
I admire you, respect!
We can have a ten-minute break before we move on.
The egg waffle has become soggy. It's not going to taste good.
I'm from a poor family. I don't even have a TV set at home.
You don't need to take any medicine for this illness. Just take a rest for one to two days and you will automatically recover.
I want to buy a crystal bracelet.
Ever since his wife died, he's become very taciturn.
Bill was in rage and could not help but slap him.
Remember you've still got some problems with your eyes. Don't be overtaxing yourself.
Swimming can help us to build up physical strength.
In Hong Kong, tap water is usually boiled before drinking.
You are always arguing. Don't you feel bored?
I shouldn't be that heavy! The scale must have been off!
See, she just saw handsome guys and she was completely captivated.
[ChatGPT]When I saw him look back and smile, my heart was filled with waves of emotion.
Prefects play an important role in schools.
She remembers every detail about her boyfriend.
She is widely regarded as a beauty in the university, so she has admirers everywhere.
Environmental organisations promote the use of public transport instead of private cars.
It snowed longer last year than this year.
I put my keys along with my phone, and the monitor was scratched accidentally.
Those noodles are so full of MSG, you better avoid eating too much of them.
We've been writing our essays for hours already. Let's take a break and have some coffee for now.
I just killed a big cockroach.
Don't throw it away yet. It may be useful.
What? You are younger than me?
They sent a lot of military aircraft, preventing foreign invasion.
You are always that lazy.
She has done literally everything to prepare for the exam.
She decided to dedicate her life to education.
Babies have to register a name in forty days after their births.
I had diarrhoea for two days because I ate some raw food.
See how hurried and flustered you are! Let me do it.
Ah, too sick that I even have no energy to take a step.
The food critics also highly praised the food here.
I wonder if anyone finds it strange, with the three pyramids nearby, why did they decide to build the Sphinx in this unusual location?
He is serving a tour and only comes home every half-year.
It is estimated that the trip would cost us 20-30 thousand dollars.
You never get fat even if you eat so much, are you suffering from indigestion?
No problem, my car can carry five passengers.
Practising martial arts is to protect ourselves and others.
I'm just joking. You took it serious?
A ride by the vehicle is enough for me to take a refreshing nap of half an hour.
The automatic door is out of order. You need to open the door yourself.
As my girlfriend requested quite obviously, I should do something to "show my affection".
I was cheated when I sold something via online auction, and lost the goods to the the fraud.
What's the matter with him? His face looks so tight.
It's just some small matter, don't clamour.
You guys seem to have prepared to start a fight whenever you have a talk. Calm down!
Come! Let's cheers to celebrate our graduation!
After all, I am in higher rank than the colleagues joining the company earlier, so I would not be bullied by them.
After several days of heavy rain, the great dam finally collapses.
A tranquil environment is good for studying.
Wow, those women are really noisy when they gather.
Don't beat me anymore or I will hit you back!
How about a beer in a Japanese gastropub tonight?
I learnt how to ride a bike in just one afternoon.
[ChatGPT]Did that male doctor check your body alone? Did you feel uncomfortable with him?
Since I gained weight, my husband has been giving me the cold shoulder.
Tonight, there will be a tough battle between Hong Kong and Iran in the World Cup qualification.
Those who often give bad advice online think they are smart.
The Ma On Shan Iron Mine was suspended in 1976.
Printing in public libraries is fee-charging.
Your name is as long as water snake eggs, how am I supposed to remember it?
Have you put the meat into the fridge yet?
When I was only three, my parents were already divorced.
These are holy water! Drink it!
The police controlled the crowd on New Year's Eve.
Many people cross the border around the Lunar New Year.
You bitch! How could you have kept all four "underpants"?  (from movie "All's Well, Ends Well")
THIS is obviously my friend.
We have to promote international trade.
These tragedies happen every day.
That guy never works.
You broke her favourite vase! This time you're in serious trouble!
What methods do you use to prevent conception?
I bumped into the Chief Executive coincidentally, and immediately had a picture with her.
Hong Kong property values have risen at the fastest rate in history in the past year.
Organza is also used as a kind of fabrics of traditional Korean costumes.
The taste of shark's fin soup actually comes from the stock; shark's fin contains no taste actually.
Rich colours are used in the poster.
What have you done to make me miss you so much?
[ChatGPT]The reporter asked the celebrity if he would date someone in the same industry.
[ChatGPT]Our friends and I formed a band, and even though we practice late at night, the neighbors never complain. At most, they're just a little startled!
The boss likes the new singer for the record label so much that he provides her many opportunities to appear in public.
A man whistles at the lady in red.
If you give this as your answer, you're screwed. They'll surely exploit it to their advantage.
This hair dryer is double insulated. It can be used in the toilet.
Fire! Cut the ropes quickly or the fire will spread to the other ships!
I got a lot of work at the office today and worked overtime until 4 a.m. When I got home, I was half-dead.
I will give you whatever you ask for.
As a result of his perseverance, he was finally successful in losing weight.
In 1993, Hong Kong rock band Beyond issued their 9th Cantonese album, 'Rock and Roll'.
The two companies, as it happens, have the same owner.
Don't act rashly even if you don't know how to do it.
The 911 incident is a great calamity.
His sudden disappearance shocked me.
The child has long suffered from every kind of hardship.
Don't be misled by his hero image in the movies  he looks smart but is actually a fool. He's been cheated many times in the business and is drowning in debt.
Work-from-home arrangement also applies in our company. Thus generally speaking, I can just hide myself at home as a dispirited old folk through and through.
Chief Executive-in-Council
The origin of this ghost story is actually someone forgot to turn off the tap in the bathroom.
Many people choose not to have their own babies but to sponsor children in developing countries.
You are so old-fashioned! What year is it now? Yet you are still wearing capri pants with white socks and white sneakers.
This traditional dish requires a lot of painstaking effort and time to make. It's not something you can easily go out and find in restaurants.
He was well prepared beforehand.
The knife is so sharp that you really have to be cautious. Don't hurt yourself.
You are so cunning that no one can be more cunning than you.
We'll set off first, see you there in a while!
She is very angry, everyone is scared.
We are running out of time. Please be brief.
Tonight we would take a look at what the celebrities are doing right now.
He often talks nonsense, don't take it his words too seriously.
He just criticizes everything as he can, always solely nitpicking but contributing nothing at all.
We will definitely do our best.
Learn the lesson and avoid repeating the mistake.
To be frugal, Mei-yi chose not to travel by air but by land.
The government has adopted a series of measures to lower the unemployment rate.
Kei-kei's doll was lost and she cried for a long time.
This country recently legislated against indoor smoking.
This hair-dressing is the most trendy style recently.
I want to check the balance of my account.
The teacher is very bad, basically misleading the younger generation.
Can you stop shaking your wiener about?
Don't do anything illegal!
Because of improper use, the microwave oven soon broke down.
I didn't mean to hurt you. I was just joking.
They are victims too, we shouldn't blame them.
The government decided to speed up the process of implementing whole-day primary schooling
This piano needs 5 people to pick it up.
Before WWII, the government built air-raid shelters at several locations in Hong Kong.
He travels to work in various cities all the time, without a fixed residence.
This conference will come to an end tomorrow.
Ten students felt unwell after eating lunch and were sent to the hospital.
Make a sketch with a pencil first, and then darken the lines and add shadows.
The congee is not well-fused. It has to be boiled for a bit longer.
I have been patient with you. I reminded you again and again. It turns out that you still do not remember.
The corpse is decomposing, which indicates that the victim had been dead for a while.
Time spent with you is happier, I need you at all times.
These pan-fried pork buns are so good that I want to keep eating them.
I don't have enough money for my monthly expenses, how can I have spare money for travelling!
Your boss is crazy as fuck. It's not your fault. Why did he scold you?
He is among the top singers from his generation.
You can apply for this job only if you have a reference letter.
[ChatGPT]Don't bother coming over to bring me breakfast next time, fool.
Be careful! The floor is just mopped.
The Chinese official historical books include the Twenty-Four Histories.
Please sign on this acknowledgement of debt.
He did not mean to insult you, he is just simple-minded.
The tyrant ordered his army to slaughter the city, resulting in a flood of blood.
Hong-sang is always a learned gentleman.
You worthless scum! You don't have a job and all you do is get high on ketamine.
He is an important role in this company.
His car was completely written off after the accident.
She looks so cute with pigtails!
The term "tip dei" itself is full of contradictions: it can only apply to those who are high and mighty.
Your hands are so cold, don't touch me.
The taste of beef stomach is bland itself, so it is perfect when served with curry.
Is there any specific term in psychology to describe such condition?
What tricks are you playing? Why make origami? Are you trying to impress a girl?
The company is at a stage of new employees replacing the old ones.
This formula can evaluate the area of a triangle.
Do not only consider one's appearance, also look at one's heart.
It is increasingly difficult to buy film in Kong Kong now.
Nga Chin Wai is the last walled village in the urban area in Hong Kong.
The credit of your honorable shop has always been great.
I've been working until dawn for several nights.
He only realized after the event that he'd been robbed.
Having an accountant as the last defender, the company will not spend its money arbitrarily.
It's better not to irritate him, as he is ill-tempered these days.
It's okay if you can't save for a down payment, because you have father's deed.
Quit day-dreaming, time is running out!
No failure or defeat is allowed! This time we must strike hard and fight back.
The gravity of the moon is only about one sixth of that of the Earth.
The drama series set in the Republican period will debut next Monday night.
You gain a prize this time, you are so outstanding!
He attempted to influence the testimony of the witnesses.
My mum said Tie-guan-yin is not good for the stomach.
His restaurant took three months to break-even, I think it will take him less than six months to pay off.
You know a lot. What a smart kid!
The rental agreement states clearly in the regulations that the tenant has to pay two months' deposit and a month's rent payable in advance.
I think red-white-blue bag is a symbol of Hong Kong folk culture.
This slacker, who's never liked studying since he was a child how is he going to find a job with no qualifications?
The officer was sentenced to jail for purchasing a flat with public funds. Serves him right.
I've got a gut feeling that she's telling a lie.
All along they have been unable to let go of this knot in their hearts.
His photos precisely captures the essence of the persons being photographed.
Don't bother with those trivial things now. Let's deal with the important things first.
Excuse me, I have to go to the washroom.
There are too many people here, let's talk outside.
The progamme is rather unpopular, so the television station decides to make it on air on Saturday midnight instead.
He hit the red button out of curiosity.
I told you not to let the secret slip, now everyone knows it!
Mr. Wai-ming Chung had the honorary title of "the King of Broadcasting" when he was alive.
This selection is only reserved for frequent customers.
The effect of this treatment varies with each individual.
1 m is 1/1000000 m.
Have you given the presentation?
Find some friends to enroll in this course!
The supporters of Nazism would think that Adolf Hitler is a dictatorial hero.
I have sort of friendship with President of Panama.
Do not place this bottle of oil upside down.
The Green Project has received funds from the government.
The love between A-man and her husband fades and they're living apart now. It seems that there's no way to remedy.
Wow, you're surfing porn sites at work. Are you trying to get fired?
Suddenly slamming on the brakes while driving can be very dangerous without any warning.
The watch is too expensive, how could I possibly afford it?
My son will be a month old next Wednesday. Remember to come to our celebration banquet then.
The sunshine is strong, wear a straw hat.
Empress Ci Hei is just a short-name. Her full title is - oh I nearly forgot  "Empress Haau Jam Ci Hei Dyun Jau Hong Ji Ciu Jyu Zong Sing Sau Gung Jam Hin Sung Hei Pui Tin Hing Sing Hin".
Have kids soon, two within three years!
All passengers of flight JL730 please proceed to gate 45 for boarding.
The window is so dirty. Clean it with that cloth now.
All of them will be sent by the university to famous law firms for internship this summer.
There was a serious traffic accident on Castle Peak Road. The driver was pronounced dead on the spot.
I think talent should be somehow stressed when it comes to study.
I've always been this hardworking, but you've just never noticed it.
Hey groom, do you want the videographers to get the video of the daytime sessions ready for the banquet?
I cannot accept this fact in such a sudden manner.
This building is the only architecture of the Japanese occupation period that remains today.
Getting mocked? What's the big deal? Just get over it.
He has been trying his best to bring interest to the public.
People are satisfied when they can win in gambling, but never concern that such pleasure may get them into addiction.
Cheung Chau hosts Da Jiu Festival on Buddha's Birthday every year.
He wears a fishbowl as a astronaut helmet.
The conversation event is initiated voluntarily by citizens.
I just bought a Kwon-glazed porcelain vase.
Economists are worrying about a stock market crash like that in 1920s.
Man down! Man down! Medic!
He is a fan of this football club.
This shirt is unbeatable, where did you buy it ?
Young people should visit other places to broaden their horizons.
My urge finally came, I went to the bathroom, and I was back in no time!
The use of dishwashing detergent is essential for making the dishes clean!
I bought 10 boxes of instant noodles, so that I won't starve even under a one-month lockdown.
She is interested in capturing the everyday life of ordinary people through street photography.
The recent news has not been too good.
He's no longer alive. What's the point of blaming him for not taking good care of himself?
We need to secure votes from 20% of all students - that's easier said than done.
Most flights connecting Hong Kong and Europe pass through Ukraine.
The identical twin brothers look so much alike. It is very hard to tell them apart.
The Palace Museum is one of the scenic spots in Bejing.
The importance of talents is beyond doubt.
[ChatGPT]I didn't want to do it, but I had to.
Many ancient intellectuals had their own study rooms.
The calling code of Hong Kong is 852.
Her movements are graceful and transcendent to the maximum possible extent.
Mom said that she was always hit by the teachers that her hollow of the palm was very painful.
We feel sorry for his death.
This is no laughing matter, find something else to make fun of!
To inspect fire safety installations once a month is a regular practice.
He gained a profit from his first trial on stock market. But then he ignored risks, turned to invest index futures and suffered a great loss that made him bankrupt.
He tricked her into opening that page with pictures of cockroaches, knowing that she's scared of them. He's such a jerk.
I did it in full compliance with the procedures, don't blame me if anything goes wrong.
My dad's culinary skills are so good that my mum never needs to cook.
Don't lay your head down and use your mobile phone once you get in the car!
She toppled her existing image with this outfit.
to binge-watch on Netflix
The runner starts falling behind. It seems he can't hold the speed.
I have had a lot of troubles lately, and I have to sort out my thoughts.
The hymen is considered as a symbol of virginity.
He is really useless and a good-for-nothing.
Your getting together with a person like me will only lead to us breaking up in the end.
I'll be in the front blazing the trail; you follow me close behind.
Every man working in seafood market is reeking of fish!
I am not somebody, how can I control over the occasion?
This cash voucher was valid until eleventh last month.
[ChatGPT]Mixing leftover rice with fresh rice? That's like being reborn as a hungry ghost.
Runes can increase the game character's damage.
The government is preparing to raise the salary tax, and this has caused a lot of people to be dissatisfied.
The autumn air is cooler and fresher, and not as humid as summer.
Children's wear for spring and summer of this brand is inexpensive and cute-looking.
Every page of the book is full of new words. How can I read it?
Up until yesterday, we had received a total of 100 nominations.
If I can get close to him, I can kill him in one punch.
You're going to take the mock examination in January. Why do you still keep playing and miss your revision?
Her performance impressed me.
You ask an elderly to rush from one place to another every day. How can you do that?
This gal is too ugly that his dick can't get hard.
He is running around like a headless chicken. Where is he headed?
I want to think it all out before I start writing.
This soup is spicy hot, is he able to cope with it?
"How was your exam?" "It's fine, I guess."
When you sign the contract, you should pay attention to the validity period of service.
The placenta is low-lying on the ultrasound, so we need to recheck next time.
The lunch suppliers are all crappy and the lunchboxes taste the same. There is no point in tendering again.
He might be ugly, but he is a nice person.
I had three part-time jobs when I was studying in the university.
Does this firm have a retail store? I wanna try the products there before deciding to buy them or not.
The government plans to raise the recycling rate of glass bottles gradually.
Stop poking me with your pencil.
This communications system does not allow two people to speak at the same time.
I feel bloated because of overeating.
It's gonna get dark soon, let's go back.
He said something of remarkable depth.
You are always working somewhere else. You wouldn't even know if you were cucked.
According to the Bible, Adam and Eve are the primogenitors of mankind.
Fisherman should use the fishing tools carefully so as to prevent damages to the seabed.
You earn only $15000 every month, but you are wearing tons of knick-knacks; have you really got too much money to squander?
Your parents can't look after you for your whole life. When you start working, you should look out for yourself.
Most residents of the island subsist by fishing.
[ChatGPT]We're all neighbors, we take care of each other.
We have little time left. Let's rush to take the taxi.
Do you want your ramen to be spicy?  I cannot eat food that is too spicy, just a little bit is enough.
The police suspected that a short-circuit may have started the fire.
Stop pretending! I know everything already!
Although you are busy, you still do me a favour. You are really very nice.
I like dining aloneit gives me time to relax and organise my thoughts. People may think of it as a socially awkward thing to do, though.
ways to make invisible ink reappear
Help me put the soup into the thermos bottle.
I saw a woman using green eye shadow on the street. She looked like a ghost.
She doesn't know how to cook. She will mess the kitchen up.
He lives under the control of his parents.
Before online shopping, you need to know your waist and hip measurement first.
Don't mention it again. It's a skeleton in my cupboard.
I haven't seen you for a while and you look slimmer
[ChatGPT]Many business people are pro-establishment.
The word si-do-be-lei in Cantonese is a transliteration of "strawberry".
These are all easy tasks. You should get them done right away when you see them.
We should dress formally for the funeral.
Sorry for bothering, it's my first time visiting your home. Here's a small gift for you.
I have applied for the butterfly stroke competition in the school swimming gala.
Please do make a donation, ladies and gentlemen.
There are many skyscrapers in Central.
Only I alone know this matter.
Put some breadcrumbs on the top. It becomes more delicious.
His low voice can give people a sense of security.
We will be closed after the business hours of the 29th and will resume business on the 4th.
I'm worried about tomorrow's exam.
This year's fund-raising activities were organised by him single-handedly.
Your face becomes so dirty with your make up.
Don't touch the switch with wet hands.
I am entitled to 12 days' annual leave.
You look familiar, do I know you?
battered by the wind and rain and tortured by the scorching sun and pouring rain
When Dad knew he had won the Mark Six, he didn't know how to react. He was tongued-tied.
I already have ordered some longevity peach-shaped buns for my mother-in-law's birthday, which is in the coming month.
Cod-liver oil is good for your health, but it is disgusting.
When will you begin your graduation trip?
He paraded naked through the streets without shame.
The car has accumulated over 100000 kilometres of mileage. Its value has been depreciated to nearly none.
To get to his place we have to take many different lines of transit, and then take the ferry. It's too complicated!
The horror movie sends a chill down my spine.
I hear that garlic can exorcise evil spirits or ghosts.
Having a afternoon tea break is a good choice when you want to take a breather during a busy period.
I am going to the book fair today and I will lose a fortune again.
His speech was interrupted.
Are you looking for a fight? I'm not scared of you.
We stroll along the seaside path.
The squad led by A-ming are fully armed.
I ate something during the break already.
The result of the match is better than I expected.
Kyoto is suffering from overtourism, buses are full of passengers all day long.
He was so influential in the buisness sector that he held the key to the general situation.
His managerial arrogance was on full display in the way he treated his secretary.
Did your grandfather give you your name?
Any resemblance to actual events or persons is entirely coincidental.
Let's sum up the main points of this meeting.
The patient is in a critical situation, call the doctor, quick.
No sugar in the iced coffee, thanks.
The evidence of his embezzlement has gotten out. This time we must make him suffer.
When you were young, did you get punished by teachers to twist your ears ?
You lost your monthly underground ticket at the start of the month, what a shame.
The wage is only 40 bucks per hour.
Don't hang an overcoatthe hook can't hold it.
Consuming excessive sugar is not the main cause of diabetes.
The property prices drop sharply that many investors suffer a devastating loss.
They are such a couple match-made in heaven and they love each other.
The phone number is two three four three, double two, double five.
The world should not be like this.
It's one of the responsibilities of the customs to monitor imported and exported goods.
If you are found telling a lie by your wife, it will take you a long time to explain.
The national language of Singapore is Malay.
Since his wife died, he has never been married to anyone again.
The government would impose tax on residents' income.
The name of those reputable would be widely spread throughout centuries.
I wrote a letter to him a week ago. He has replied to my letter now.
Other people would suffer from your foolhardy behaviour.
I'm glad that I have chance to share with you my story.
He would not succeed without his mum's help.
Everyone except you has submitted their drafts.
The exam starts in 30 minutes, take a taxi to school!
Influenced by novels, Nezha is also called the "Third Prince".
Lets try again from the beginning.
He deliberates upon every move. It appears that he finally stumbles upon an equal match on the chess board.
You aren't at a disadvantage compared with her.
This job is so rigid that you just need to complete the same task every day.
Soft music is played in the restaurant to add to the romantic mood.
He always talks to you, I think somewhat he likes you.
Without the help of the accomplices, the murderer would never have been able to kill anyone.
He was behaving in the prison and was granted an earlier release.
Nobody can go anywhere because of the lockdowns.
My employees are waiting to receive their salaries to make a living.
Every summer, we retreat to the seaside, away from summer heat.
That's none of your business. Why are you stirring things up? You're a dick!
Who is the author of this novel?
I need to figure out what he means first.
Why do you keep on visiting this "one floor one"? Have you fallen in love with that prostitute?
data breach investigation report
He is best at licking the boss's boots!
After he plays and eats enough, he goes home to sleep.
Stop making excuses and finish your homework!
Many kind-hearted people donate money to the poor.
I need a break from all this walking.
I haven't had meat all week so my stomach is feeling "cool."
Look at my biceps. I've trained for 2 months!
This accident made me realise that life is very fragile.
He was too hurried to answer the door that he didn't notice that he was untidily dressed.
The thief escaped while everyone was flustered.
The term leader completed all the tasks by himself, leaving nothing for his members to do.
There are many newly-developed regions in mainland China.
Don't block me, I need to fight him!
When I was small, our whole family lived in a partitioned flat.
What soup would you like with the set meal? Borscht or cream soup?
The torch of the Statue of Liberty is about 20-stories tall from the ground.
Being busy from young til retirement, it's not surprise to have a romance in old age.
Earth is a beautiful blue planet.
Our volunteers will pay a visit to your home, to see whether you're suitable to adopt this kitten.
He stopped playing computer games for a while, but it didn't last long.
He was working non-stop and forgot to eat.
Fifty-some restaurants are listed on the guide.
Last time I screwed up the report, then my boss scolded me severely.
Hum, I've already graduated from the 2-D products like anime and manga, I only watch movies and novels in real life now!
Beware of making any mistakes and getting yelled at by the manager.
Outside the polling station some people are doing a survey.
Women nowadays prefer to be business women rather than housewives.
For young people to become adults they need to work in society so as to temper themselves.
Of course you should take off that ugly work uniform when you get home. What else would you do, walk all around pretending it actually looks good?
The area around Port Shelter was used to be a firing range by the British army. The livelihood of fishermen on Kau Sai was affected.
The two drivers are in critical condition after the crash.
Ticker flippers have bought all tickets and left no tickets for other patrons.
Speedboats are used to smuggle humans.
There is a lot of information not yet fact-checked on the Internet. We should be very careful.
I need to go to the washroom, can you cover for me for a while?
They are kind of hiring under the table. Don't waste your time to apply for the position.
Foreign habits are very different from ours.
[ChatGPT]Being big and strong is useless, just a lump of wood!
Can you do me a favour and recharge my mobile phone, please?
Kabuki is a traditional Japanese opera.
If there is a problem with the product, you can apply for a refund from the merchant.
He always pulls a long face which looks so serious.
Siu-hung has been beaten so hard that his entire face is swollen.
I will go to the post office to send a letter a while later.
Why do you always get into pointless arguments with people? You're such a schoolkid!
He refused our invitation indirectly.
It gives me a scare when suddenly I hear a scream from outside.
Stop popping up! You will scare others.
Someone just died. Isn't it a bit heartless to talk about property price now.
After a 3-year freeze on fares, MTR is seeking an average increase of 3.1%.
Hope it will not be overweight on the scale this time.
Noodles do not taste good if they rise.
I like to eat fish slice more than fish paste.
Anna has been recruited by talent scouts. She's so attractive, and has such a sweet voice. She'll be very famous and popular for sure!
Don't stick with the mobile phone all the time.
The illiterate are pawns that will fight and fall first for their dictator.
Buyers must finish jobs in overseas quickly, with great fashion sense and physical strength.
Groupers should be steamed to preserve its fresh taste.
If you have finished your homework, I will give you an ice-cream as a reward.
Why did you hit someone for no good reason?
A-chung couldn't withstand the Devil's temptation and went to buy naughty books.
In those good old days we bros stick together to work and eat, times was very hard but we all feel happy in it.
All three of the wishes were satisfied at once.
That he makes friends with your friends is but only to get close to you and see you more.
People usually imagine angels as having wings and a halo.
Let's stop arguing. Nobody will trust you.
We haven't seen each other for so long, it's inevitable that we are not as close as before.
We are friends, of course I'll help you. It's not a big deal.
History is the best lesson to draw from.
Undergoing orthodontic treatment at an early age will be less painful.
It's good to be wealthy. Every meal we eat can be sumptuous.
He invested his savings in shares, but ended up losing all the money.
It's my brother's big day. I'm not going to make a scene with you, only out of respect for him.
Once I get symptoms of a cold, I immediately take a tablet of Vitamin C.
I have already reported this incident to my manager.
Revolving doors are installed in many Nordic countries as insulation between the indoors and the outdoors.
As you'll be going for a trip during the summer vacation, let dad subsidise you one thousand dollars.
To be an artist, you don't have to study in The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. There are many other ways.
For now, ageing population is the most urgent problem we need to solve.
This website allows you to book everything and even helps you find the cheapest price.
He scored all three goals in this match.
What the X! You've stained my new clothes!
I mean, all of you are rubbish.
My boyfriend always cums too soon. The sex finishes before my instant noodles are done.
The government has arranged several public consultation workshops for this project. I hope you will actively join and express your views.
Fish ponds in Hong Kong are disappearing.
He is a prominent and well-known person in the entertainment industry.
I spend so much every time I go shopping in department stores.
He burned too many bridges this time. It leaves me no choice but to renounce our friendship.
They don't want to go to court so they eventually decide to settle things out of court.
You're so timid, how can you date girls?
The flower market is going to end. All the stall operators are offering a big discount.
Every Sunday he would hang around at Starbucks.
Don't be afraid, I'm with you. Or else share your fear with me.
The refreshing scenery on the mountain has more beauty than the eyes can take in.
[ChatGPT]Since the leader of the opposition was wiped out, everyone has given up resistance and become cynical.
The owner wants to takes the flats back and sell them to the developer, so he stopped providing electricity and water, in order to force the tenants to leave.
Damn it, it's gone too far!
She likes tall and well-built guys.
Now he can be very proud of himself, that he has won the lottery.
I haven't heard from Ah Ming for a while, so I thought he wasn't coming tonight if you didn't tell me.
Your shirt is so crumple, you'd better iron it before wear.
There's nobody, nothing whatsoever here, don't be shy, you can practice here.
We were going out on a romantic date, and he took out a radio for the horse-betting broadcast. That totally spoiled my mood.
Now that your uncle has gone bankrupt, and set himself as an example of financial irresponsibility.
You afraid of cockroach? What a useless scrap!
The law mandates that every school must conduct a fire drill every six months.
The power struggle within the company is intense.
Everyone stay alert, those gangs may call backup to roam our field anytime.
Looking at all the things that need to be done, I really want to put everything out of my mind and go play computer games instead.
We get it. You don't need to spell it out for us.
Being out of work for a long time had completely demoralised him.
Please put a chop on the envelope.
Jobs like doctors and nurses, etc. are required to work in shifts.
Which brand of cosmetics do you use?
The mobile phone is available in a choice of colours from which you can choose.
He really likes this book. I haven't seen him without this book in hand.
He has fully recovered from his illness.
Qu Yuan was overwhelmed by the news of the subjugation and committed suicide.
There are many departments in the government; their duties are different.
The wording of the contract is ambiguous.
Having met you in the sea of people, is the best thing in my life.
There are few taxi driver strikes these days. Worst case they just drive slowly.
I haven't seen you for a few years and I can barely recognise you now!
There are many different kinds of videos on YouTube for you.
You are not that attractive. If you keep looking down on the ordinary girls and chasing for the goddess, you can't get a girlfriend.
It's really boring to just keep on working like this, I want a vacation soon!
There will be a live broadcast of the World Cup final on television tonight.
Both of them always appear together, we don't know whether they have some sort of relationship with each other.
I am completely wrecked now, as I have been washing dishes for twelve hours.
Of these twenty vacuum cleaners, only five conform to safety standards.
Back in the old days, I won a marathon!
This person knows only concocting stories to swindle.
That fraudster never stays in the same place and has a lot of hideouts. He has probably gone to another location to avoid arrest.
The egg tarts are fresh out of the oven. They're still hot.
He keeps missing the toilet when he pees. It's making the entire bathroom reek of piss.
Get a hold on your reason, don't act on your impulses.
to serve someone the same sauce
He is so clever that he is very different with others.
I was robbed on my wedding day.
His idea was pioneering. Yet, even though he recognized it in advance, it had taken quite a long time until it was proved, to gain agreement of the mass.
The climate in Antarctica is very dry, where it rains not more than 100mm every year.
You do have foresight. You bought face masks early.
He is punctual all the time, never late.
Crop failure results in famine.
The animals are distributed in different areas of the zoo.
They went in under cover as decorators .
They refused to come to an agreement just because of one chocolate cookie.
The Red team and the Green team are neck and neck. It's hard to tell who will win this match.
He really like to catch other's fault.
We mostly eat out on Sundays.
Stick some wallpaper onto the wall to make it look less monotonic.
This person is precisely her boyfriend.
I studied my undergraduate programme in another university.
My throat seems to be stuck by something.
Stuff shouldn't be placed in the corridor that it will block the passage.
After getting an Octopus card, I use way less loose change than before.
Two of our car's tyres burst.
This doctor specialises in strange diseases.
It's almost over! Don't give up!
[ChatGPT]This president is efficient, he manages his people well.
Fellow students, take out the textbook.
You made me laugh out loud on the MTR.
Oh my god, will he spill everything out in front of the boss because he's so angry?
Birds can sit on power lines without getting electric shocks.
This batch of paintings contains both real and fake ones. I need your keen eyes to tell them apart.
Hong Kong movies can be said to be world-famous, best known for their action movies, ghost movies, and police procedurals.
Excuse me, I would like to go to the restroom.
Why did you spend so much to buy me a diamond ring?
The murderer killed his younger sister with his hands.
School is starting soon, have you bought covering plastic for your books yet?
There, there. Cheer up, my friend.
Don't enter the forest alone, its easy to get lost.
Honestly speaking, you are a grown up. How come you need to be reminded what you should do every time?
[ChatGPT]The owner of this bamboo restaurant offended someone and got beaten up last night.
Your phone needs to connect to the internet in order to send or receive emails.
LegCo members urge the Registration and Electoral Office to investigate the allegations of vote rigging.
You can go to a gay bar even though you're not gay. Let me bring you there.
I don't want to spend as much as two hundred thousand dollars on a new car.
This book is due, but I haven't finished it yet. So I'm going to the library to renew it today.
Hongkongers mostly descend from Cantonese people from Guangdong.
This couple has a similar upbringing.
Rumours of a love affair between them have been circulating for quite a while.
The boss demands it. We have no choice but to do it.
You're already so skinny. You need not lose weight!
This picture with the prince in full military uniform is beaming with power.
I'll be your best friend forever.
The success of this project depends on all of your support.
I want to connect these two rooms together.
He speaks in a lively and interesting manner. It's nice to listen to him.
[ChatGPT]First come, first served; procrastination leads to trouble.
Tsing Ma Bridge stretches over Tsing Yi and Ma Wan.
Despite so, from this it could still be proven that this statement is true.
She is a narrow-minded woman who is always jealous of others.
Let go of your negative emotions. Then you shall be relieved.
We have detected signals from the black box.
You are such a snowflake that you are so easily triggered by these trivial issues.
Who said that money can buy prerogative?
The window period of HIV lasts at most three months.
Give me a break. I can barely do 20 times of push-up, let alone 100.
We are now better off so we are able to pay off our debt to you.
Come to my home and celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival!
You decided not to sleep at night, then you have to suffer the consequences. You are going to feel this bad on the next day.
The Flying Tigers carefully approaches their enemies' hideout.
Don't be so arrogant even though you scored 100.
You're so tall, of course you'll beat me in basketball.
She is a very special girl.
Are you afraid of cockroach? Come on, you are a man!
With this chart as a reference, the calculation becomes much easier.
Don't be a misbehaving bus enthusiast to interfere the traffic.
The distribution of the tickets will start at 9 a.m. tomorrow sharp. For details please see the website below.
Having lived to this age I have never played wax-burning.
I don't want to switch off the lights every time. You know, it's a waste of time.
My mother like giving cakes made by herself to neighbours.
To enhance the economic cooperation between the two regions is an inevitable trend.
Most tutorial schools claim that their teachers are highly qualified and experienced.
A balanced diet is essential for kids; they mustn't be choosy about their food.
He plans to retire after his latest term finishes.
You shed your responsibilities all the time. You are gonna get fired!
I sometimes do not have breakfast before I go to school.
Peace and joy filled up the heart.
He got his girlfriend pregnant and now he's busy preparing for the wedding.
Remember not to rinse the spaghetti; the remaining water can be used to make the sauce.
The building site has been turned into a temporary car park.
I thought we'd be going to a buffet for dinner; I even starved myself in advance.
Enjoying a delicious home-cooked meal made specially for me after getting back home, how lucky I am!
When people face the same challenges together, they don't have to form a blood pact to understand and trust each other.
The development of social enterprises in Hong Kong has been gradually mature in more than ten years.
The steering wheel is unstable. The wheels need realigning.
The master room is very spacious, but the guest room is very small.
Do you hear some weird sound?
I can't recall your name.
Didn't think stir-frying as a cook could get me tennis elbow, and now I have to get physiotherapy.
When I brushed my teeth this morning, my gums were bleeding.
Time passes really quickly. The school term was up before we knew it.
He walked out from the station and soon disappeared in the crowd.
She takes good care of her schoolbag, and never puts it on the floor.
I said goodbye to him, and he left silently without so much as a glance my way.
I can't trust what you said based on the one-sided story you've told me.
He has not recovered from his old injury yet, so he could not participate in the competition this year.
Many great people can be our role models on how to be a good person.
Keep the faith. Best wishes for you all!
Please measure the temperature of your child over there.
The train has arrived at the terminal station. All passengers please leave the train.
Tidy up your toys!
The company's stamp should be put on this contract.
Your body constitution is of 'hot', so you must eat more food of 'cool' nature.
If someone faints, you should call 999 for an ambulance, and tell the paramedics what happened.
This maths test was really easy. I didn't even need to revise for it.
Earning $10,000 a month was a big deal 20 years ago.
The political programme of the new government is supported by general citizens.
You put the goods by the exit, how can the others come in and out?
Every year, the directors of the TWGH hold the autumn worship ceremony in Man Mo Temple in Sheung Wan.
Can law really represent justice and righteousness?
This is my place. I call the shots here.
I bought a new pencil case today, see, is it beautiful?
With this shower gel, a fine foam can be formed.
A magnifying glass is a convex lens.
The movement finally ended, did we gain anything from it?
He lives a thrifty life, possibly spending less than $50 per day.
It's just some part-time work, I can still handle it.
Unattached man can easily find a seat in a restaurant.
Light and water are essential for all plants.
Those whom God wishes to destroy, He first drives mad.
It's very dangerous for a girl passing a quiet alley alone.
That person is a bad person; don't be like him when you grow up.
Sitting at home all day is so boring.
She is very annoying and meddlesome.
He is a very careful person, once you assign a job to him, he will never break the promise.
The street is especially crowded on weekends.
Be careful, someone ambush in the front!
Siu-ming has his wound infected, which is now inflamed.
Hong Kong's living environment is quite crowded.
It depends, not everyone likes durians.
My colleagues have all left hours ago; here I am working all alone in the office.
The Basic Law guarantees that the capitalist system in Hong Kong will remain unchanged for 50 years.
You don't push me around because I haven't studied at university!
Conservators commit to proper care for cultural properties.
He took a trip to Thailand last week and his skin has become very dark.
How could you protect your love when you are weak?
I found out that my dream girl has hidden a love egg under her pillow.
What, he wants to be a CEO? He needs a reality check on his own qualifications.
I just like to wear socks in sandals! Kiss my ass!
He put the trousers into the washing machine to wash. The paper in the pockets was certainly worn away to nothing.
He took that job not merely because of money.
Starting from today the national team has to practice more often.
All of them are just pretending, not with their true heart at all!
That girl got played by a man and got pregnant.
The Old Summer Palace is an imperial landscape garden.
This masterful climber scaled the side of that tower with nothing but his limbs, boldness really stems from superb skill.
He said he loves you but he doesn't mean it, so don't treat it too seriously.
As soon as you need to think about it, you've already lost.
Lau Ching Wan got the Best Actor Award again this year.
[ChatGPT]Learning new skills often requires hard work and sacrifice.
There are a few corpora online.
It's not a shameful thing to fall for somebody.
Get lost, you useless yoke !
[ChatGPT]You're capable of doing things you shouldn't do, aren't you!?
Remember to wear formally when you interview for a job.
Correct feeding practices are important for the milk secretion.
We will all remember our teacher's heartfelt encouragement and advice.
She is a premature baby and spent her first month in intentional care, we are now making up for it with a hundred-day party.
Studies have shown that the earlier one starts to gamble, the more likely one is to become a pathological gambler.
She found out her fianc is a player, so she decided to break off the engagement.
You are such a saviour, tackling the problem with such swiftness.
Despite Dr. Chung having taught Ah-Yan many concepts and techniques in medicine, he persistently refused to address themselves as teacher and student, respectively.
This kid is so young, yet so full of ideas.
I like eating desserts, for example chocolate cakes and macaroons.
Hey, brat! It is time to help set the table for dinner!
[ChatGPT]You, a girl, dressed up and went to Lan Kwai Fong, now you have no money left because of the rent!
My wife always buys useless stuff when she goes shopping.
No one will buy this if its price is set too high.
Zhuge Liang did not spare Ma Su because of their relationship. Instead, he called for an execution according to military law.
At a moment of distraction, I accidentally made a wrong step and fell down the stairs.
I have worked so hard, but I still can't earn her love.
The adjacent building site under construction is so noisy as piles are driven into the earth every day.
I've contracted an incurable disease, I have about three months left.
I want to use this article as teaching material.
Saying "none of your business" to others really hurts.
Eleven girls died in this case.
You have stolen money from the company? Are you dumb or what?
Everywhere is full of vitality in spring.
Can you feel that she's not in a good mood today?
The villagers entered the temple, worshipped the god and put the roasted pig onto the offering table.
Relying on medicine for his illness for more than ten years, he has become familiar with the nature and side effects of the medicine.
I have just got my bonus; how about indulging ourselves with a splendid dinner tonight?
Where will you go tonight to have fun?
Your school bag is so heavy. Have you ever cleaned up its contents?
No matter what you are going to ask him to do, he must reject without hesitation.
He betrayed a gang leader as a result he was pursued by assassins.
The bakery store is hosting a discount cake sale up to 20% off.
When the superstar appeared, the whole venue was super excited.
The Chinese name of Citibank is "Fa Kai".
Have a fag!
Do you feel there are some "beings" in here?
Pimples form when pores become blocked with dirt.
Half of my salary is spent to pay the mortgage of my place.
farmers set a yoke on a pair of ox before began plowing.
You've graduated but you aren't looking for a job. Every day you stay at home dispirited, how useless!
This trade is very beneficial to our company.
Burrowing gobies also fit for preparing fish soup. Apart from lower prices, they can improve blood deficiency.
All the household appliances would be given with the purchase of a new apartment.
[ChatGPT]He only knows how to show off his muscles, but he won't lift a finger to help.
While the security was escorting the jewellery, there was a traffic accident.
The circus show today was great, especially the hilarious clown.
He spends hours chatting with his girlfriend on the phone every night.
Don't keep grinning and think you don't have to share the responsibility with us.
There are several unscrupulous shopkeepers in this mall. If you need to buy anything, you'd better ask a friend who knows more about computers to go with you.
Our troop is running short of supplies.
This proposal is quite interesting.
Please offer your seat to those in need.
Oh I forgot to pay section fare, which is 3 dollars cheaper.
Today I'm going to my uncle's for dinner.
In the old days the tram was only 10 cents.
My nephew comes first in class every year. He is really good at studying.
Being obedient is not the way to love her. It is absolutely wrong.
The result of the lucky draw will be announced next Saturday.
I am still using a 56K modem to surf the Internet.
NBA players are generally a head taller than me.
You will have your life shortened by doing so many evils!
The ways of communication can affect the duration of a relationship.
The result was "small" for the last 20 rounds, so I bet on "big" this time -- but alas it's triples this time!
He's already very troubled and annoyed, leave him alone in peace.
Our school has a drama show today. I need to go help set things up in the hall.
This house is a property descended from our grandfather, we cannot/should not sell it!
First-quarter earnings were off almost 30% from the previous year.
Anyone who is not properly dressed, is not welcomed.
These are sunflower seeds.
Even though I'm exhausted recently, I couldn't sleep soundly.
It's no big deal if you flunk the test; you can still catch up in the final exam!
No, no, they really hadn't gone out. Believe me.
The report was published in today's newspaper.
I'm in trouble this time. I forgot to do the homework.
If it's not right don't force it, or you might break it.
Before every lesson, teachers and students should both prepare for it.
A self-claimed martial arts master challenge a pro boxer to fight, ended up being knocked out within one minute.
Wait and see whether the new chief executive has people's support.
I have a mathematics test today; I hope I can pass.
I know you are not short-sighted, but you look better with a pair of clear lens glasses on.
The game ended in 1 to 1 tie. The two teams shook hands and entered the next round together.
Fine, I will just reluctantly accept this as a lesson learnt.
Hermit crabs are called "seaside cleaners".
The pocket money for this month is barely enough.
He is worldly-wise. We don't have to worry about him.
This bracelet is made with seashells.
Computers use binary to represent numbers.
There are two stops/stations after this one.
I have a weak digestive system so I cannot eat sashimi.
Most surnames are single surnames.
This presentation is too boring, so all the people leave.
Though unarmed, he actually managed to take down that big guy.
If you feel too bitter to drink the herbal medicine, you can drink it while chewing a piece of preserved plum.
Selling toys is the primary business activity of company A.
You've played so many rounds of this game, don't you think that's enough already?
He is quite irresponsible. You'd better keep following up with him.
I tipped over my computer, and after that it won't boot.
the transition era in early modern Chinese intellectual history
A leap year appears every four years.
A ninety-year-old woman lives in this house.
People put offerings to worship spirits.
You've committed such a heinous crime and you still don't know you are wrong?
This welfare is something that he should get.
The dead body of my grandfather will be buried in cemetery.
He is the manager, and in addition to that, he's also the boss' son. Of course we need to listen to him.
You can't be so overbearing to make us listen to you, let's vote on this matter!
All things considered, bringing my own lunchbox to work doesn't really save much money.
The government, with a huge revenue this financial year, plans to offer grants to its departments.
He has been training in the athletics team since childhood.
My home is close to my university, so I cannot apply to live in the university's dormitory.
He has a babyface that I thought he was studying in secondary school.
All students showed great interest in the museum exhibits during their visit.
Take more action for all's sake.
I'll have a competition tomorrow, so nervous.
This is a private swimming pool. No one will intervene even if you go skinny dipping.
The school requires uniform dresses to be knee-length.
Most of our classmates are working now.
[ChatGPT]They were just speaking Chinese, then suddenly switched to English.
Is the dessert to your liking?
Look, your mom has heart disease, so how about NOT riling her up.
Victims bombarded the company representative with questions.
There are over a thousand guests at tonight's banquet.
Now the new has come out, and every one can recognise you.
Though the editors sometimes fail to complete the contents of posts, they work hard to keep the standard.
Here is a hundred thousand dollars, a compensation for you.
Uncle gave me ten US dollars. I have to exchange it into HK dollars in a money exchange shop.
The company focuses on infrastructure projects, which are in a large scale. Its profit must increase a lot.
In fact many local communities in Hong Kong hold rituals for pacifying themselves.
In winter, my classmates often put their cold hands on my face, as I am warm enough.
I'm always more than willing to receive criticism.
The Japanese yen has kept depreciating recently. It's time to travel to Japan!
If you are a starter in swimming, it's better to learn freestyle first.
He knew that I was short of cash, and when I was selling the flat to him, he kept forcing the price down.
My love for you is eternal and unchanging.
You shouldn't give others what you don't like. As the saying goes, do not do to others what you don't want to be done to you.
I ask you to pretend my boyfriend to deceive my mum only, don't be too immersive.
I now lay bare all your dirty history to everyone!
The defeat in the last match is all my fault. I hope you can give me a chance to redeem myself in the next match.
I bought a new aquarium, and it has many goldfish inside.
He makes the achievement today because his boss has helped him a lot.
He worked from morning to night without rest.
Your account has run out of money.
Many producers of those so-called "health food" are just trying to make money with their brand name.
Gold rimmed eyeglasses give you a more cultured look than plastic ones.
He intended to flip mobile phones for a profit, but got caught in a price crash. He ended up selling his stockpile at half price.
My teacher, you have been so kind to me, how could I ever betray you?
She was spoiled too much that she kicks up a fuss very easily.
Dangerous goods should be kept out of reach from children.
This photo is so revealing that it's almost not safe for work.
You're so weak, you can't even take a little bit of spice.
In the past, if you married for the second time, people would think that you were a woman of dubious morals.
I'll just touch on the background lightly.
Why bother voting? There are only the three of us, and you two are sharing the same opinion.
It definitely won't rain today.
Go measure the height of this object.
A piano trio usually includes a piano, a violin and a cello.
A primary school requires an annual tuition fee of $6000.
The owner of this company is already fifty years old.
I accidentally squeezed a 100 dollar note into the gap.
In tradition coffins are sealed with nails.
He hires many graduates.
Wow you look gorgeous today! Where are you going?
How many millilitres are there in a block of syrup?
The second season of this anime is about to release!
Today's weather is exactly the same as the forecast.
Hong Kong should continually enhance its competitiveness.
The left-over needs getting rid of soon, otherwise there are going to be flies all over it.
This restaurant is so grotty that I dare not go in, as I'm afraid of getting diarrhea after eating there.
The movie title is actually a pun, and you need to read it out in Cantonese in order to understand it!
He is haughty. He doesn't have any friends.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my teacher.
Don't miss this programme!
It's an accident. You should stop feeling guilty.
In Hong Kong, prostituting is illegal.
The night has come, I need to go home for dinner.
The concept of natural selection was proposed by Charles Darwin.
I only study psychology. I can't read your mind.
This tutorial center has many ways to charge you. They even charge you air-condition fee.
This morning, A-chung ran away upon seeing me. Then I recalled he hasn't returned the twenty thousand dollars to me yet.
There are altogether ten stories in this collection.
Black lipsticks are less accepted. Not many would buy them.
thank you
A Symphony of Lights is an outdoor multi-media show with a myriad of searchlights, lasers, LED screens and lighting illumination.
to outsource to freelancers
The president will pay a visit to India next month.
Please try your very best to save my son!
Handling the sideline during office hours, my colleague is too sloppy that the tasks need completing.
I am of seniority, albeit younger than you.
The cheese recipe of this lesser-known restaurant captivated many Hong Kong men and women. Long queues form every day.
There are many tailor-made products to tackle mould.
to take salad dressing and add it to some fresh vegetables
My mom cannot figure out how to use the new vacuum cleaner.
You are so amazing! This is great.
He always builds nice relationships with many people, rather than starting feuds with others.
Teenagers are full of spirit and vigour, and are therefore usually more impetuous.
He is often mistaken as a girl on the phone because of his high-pitched voice.
He drinks to the point that his senses get very confused.
You'd better finish your homework before you play.
If you can win this contest, I can attend and enjoy your celebration dinner as well!
There will be a lot of action coming soon. Be smart, guys!
The new album is compiled of ten new songs.
He smiles fondly whenever he thinks of that girl.
Please, if you are not having a crush on him/her, don't chase his/her love.
This movie ends without the murderer tracked down and arrested. I bet there must be a sequel.
Although the bedroom is small, its design is not bad.
This piece of news is so sensitive that the Editor-in-chief forbids it from going public!
I have wrongly blamed him and I feel conscience-stricken.
The Chiu Chow style sweet paste buns are too sweet for me to eat.
She helped an old lady up just now.
All soldiers have worn their battle-suits in preparation for a war with the enemy country.
I have heard that they will resume working on the aborted works later on.
This pot of chicken soup has been cooked in a casserole for three hours at a sufficient heat.
Remember to add mosaic to cover his face for this interviewee.
Don't be so angry. Children should be taught with patience.
She values her boyfriend so much more than her friends that she only listens to him.
The baby is asleep and Joe is afraid to wake the baby up, so he walks very cautiously so as not to make any noise.
I practise the piano every day.
Put fragrances in the bathroom to keep it smell fresh.
He was born to a poor family.
This forest has 100 types of trees.
My computer is slow when playing games. It's time to replace with a new one.
She works not because she needs to maintain her living, but merely because she wanna buy luxuries. How will she care about the job?
I forgot to jot down his telephone number.
While the thief was stealing inside, his accomplice was keeping watch at the doorway.
We must follow the doctor's instructions to take antibiotics.
It is rare for someone to do homework on their own without someone nagging them.
I know that at the top floor of the Kwai Chung Plaza, you can take those fashionable Korean-style sticker photos.
Some crazy bastards in Mongkok were throwing acid off rooftops and onto the crowds in the streets again.
That movie really creeps me out so much that I just have a cold sweat.
Now that he ignores you, you should not keep on finding him.
At 1pm I was told that my baby had difficult breathing and had to receive oxygen therapy.
Why is there no exhaust fan in your toilet?
In the sayings of Confucius, it is told not to return good for evil, but return justice to evil, and return good to good.
In Judaism, the Hebrews are the chosen people of God.
Is your guitar tuned?
The environment around this Club house is peaceful and beautiful.
Can you accept my request?
He put down the letter and left.
Students can participate in the dental care service provided by the government.
A-chung is trying to clear his background and make other forget that he once sold heroine.
The moment right after I stepped out of the door, I realized I didn't bring the keys with me.
Speak softly. Don't scare the children off.
On behalf of the company, I'd like to pay tribute to all the guests.
She accompanied her boyfriend to watch a film.
Over one thousand deaths and injuries are reported after the earthquake.
Mei believes in her boyfriend. Even if he watches films with girls, she is still composed.
We shouldn't obliterate the facts of history.
He needs to lie in bed after the surgery, so he has to use a urine bag temporarily.
This country has banned chewing gum.
Why still wearing thermal underwear in summer? Don't you feel hot?
What will you rely on to fight those guys?
Young people nowadays love challenging distasteful food.
It's been quite a long time. How can I still remember?
He will stay in New York for ten days.
Without you by her side, how could she really be happy?
There's still no reply from him even though I have sent him several emails.
Nowadays, some couples want surrogate mothers to give birth to their children.
Nowadays, people do not send SMS.
I will make some New Year cake for everyone.
Residents da jiu on Kwun Yam's birthday in Pak Sha Wan, Sai Kung.
Living in a single-storey house just next to the seaside should be a wonderful experience.
The qilin, the phoenix, the tortoise and the dragon are together called the Four Auspicious Beasts.
The male peacock has colorful plumage.
In order to guide people to do good, he entered the education industry.
A staff member conspired with the competing company and has defrauded a lot of money from her boss.
My husband loves comicbooks, and because of that I also started reading comics.
The movie has been on air for three days only, how can you buy the original sound track?
I really couldn't expect this car to be so expensive but so fragile: it broke into pieces in a single crash.
After the handover, the living standard in Hong Kong is getting worse.
Dump a bucket of water onto his head to wake him up.
That nasty man sits right opposite to me. He makes me sick.
Many teenagers don't want to work for others and wants to start their small business.
We have been walking for three hours, how say we stop for a break.
Only can you devise such an underhand plan.
You can email them to ask for a quote. They will get back to you quite quickly.
Eating lots of junk food does no good.
Don't you need to pretend to be ignorant, I know you must know something.
You want to find someone you met on the train here? It is like finding a needle in a haystack.
I am in a state of utter desperation lately and haven't had anything to eat.
On my own, as a tough man, fighting for a worthy cause.
What's the point of mentioning past events long ago?
Who dares invade my territory!
When I get married later, will you be my bridesmaid?
Many female fans see male idols as their dream lovers.
We should have sport drinks after running in order to give ourselves energy.
You can't send me cash by post.
The severe factionalism in the company is a problem for a long time.
"When are we having the meal?" "It's too early to talk about that."
He pretended to be polite in front of pretty girls, but he soon exposed his true character within two minutes.
As soon as I take a holiday, it starts raining. The weather is really uncooperative.
Fa Yuen Street is parallel to Tung Choi Street.
Just follow the address written on the paper and go.
She performed uncharacteristically poorly in the exam due to illness.
Every guy wants to dance with her.
Searing the steak surface can seal the juice and lock the flavour inside.
Roots of plants absorb nutrients from the soil.
Basically, I have finished reading the book.
The adulterers were dating in a park, and were found by the lawful wife right in the act.
This time we are in great luck, we won the first prize in lucky draw!
He is so upset today. I need to think of a way to make him happy.
Each family is only required to fill in one form.
This watermelon weighs 10kg.
The price of this ring is HK$10,000.
I want to cut the corner of this table on this side in order to save some space.
Many old men like to go to Cantonese restaurants, eating dim sum while reading the newspaper.
Every year that coincides with the year of your birth sign will be a year of greater misfortune, which is inescapable once every 12 years.
We should treasure our lives kindly given by God.
A dugout is a shelter during an air attack.
In a voir dire, the judge will usually exclude the jury.
The land of milk and honey awaits after this harsh winter.
Today's your birthday, so you should stand in the middle for the picture!
The musical world in Hong Kong has been popular again.
The soldiers have signed their death warrants to protect the country.
This halfway line shot is rather close.
The Chief Executive will hold a press conference in the afternoon.
He always wanted to be a teacher, so he went to a normal school once he graduated from secondary school.
I didn't keep an eye at it and the boiling soup spilt over on the stove.
This song praises God's mercy toward us.
Let me enumerate the main points.
His company is an import/export trading firm.
In the past, children liked yo-yoing.
Siu-ming said he wanted to follow his father's footsteps to become a policeman.
The plate is still greasy after rinsing.
This is not a laughing matter. Please be more serious!
This is a well-ventilated flat with multiple windows.
As for what kind of person he is, I really couldn't say. He and I are just nodding acquaintances.
The corner of the notice is drooping. Get some tape to stick it back in place.
Their mutual hatred has emerged.
That's in the past. Let's not mention it anymore.
Performing first-aid is a mission that every second matters.
In the old times, many girls became housewives after marriage.
Less than 50% of people support legalising football gambling.
I wanna slam his freaking head open!
She really doesn't like me and grimaces at me every time we meet.
Relatives get more distant generation by generation.
He did not finish the homework to see how the teachers would react to his misbehavior.
The night view of Victory Harbour is beautiful.
The length of this ruler is 15 cm.
Tin Hau Temple, facing south, is located on a foothill fronting the sea.
He put the rose in the vase.
The laboratory prepares hundreds of samples daily and publishes their results.
One's youth is very limited.
It is late at night now. Please lower the volume.
You always rank last in examinations.
The robber is running toward Tsim Sha Tsui. Send some people to form a blockade.
We would closely monitor the situation.
Drinking warm water can relieve menstrual pain.
Every piece is handcrafted, not moulded.
I will have you on his tail to see when he will meet his mistress.
Hope your business will keep growing.
My menstrual blood leaked accidentally at work today causing a huge stain, and I didn't even know until a male colleague told me in private. It was really embarrassing!
He is the suspect in this assault.
It would be a fault to let you lead the team, you are often overcautious, if you can't show some confidence, how can you convince teammates to follow your order?
Tai Man is responsible for instructing students in experiments in the laboratory.
I got a stranger's PM today.
Primary school students should be able to do addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
She pretended she didn't know me when I saw her yesterday.
Please don't laugh at me, I'll blush.
The big trees all around make my mind peaceful.
Jasmin thought deeply for a long time and finally nodded her head.
Don't fight over little things. / Stop petty fights.
The dish is still greasy, wash it again.
It's more embarrassing for us than being paraded through the streets!
This was a pretty shot but it is actually a mistakenly announced good news, the side judge's flag for offside was already raised before the shooting.
Prepare one more white pair as serving chopsticks.
All of the comments are negative?
Urban planning of Kwun Tong is too bad, it needs to be started all over again.
My friend is thinking of confessing to his crush. Who knew in the end he would get so brutally rejected.
He had cheated you several times before and you still trust him, you are so ridiculous.
Let him make the decision. He's a grown up after all.
These two articles are completely the same. Which one is copying from the other?
Don't stay on your seat for whole day, stand up and move around!
The road to get here is very bumpy, so not many people come here.
GPS satellites still did not exist at that age. How could GPS be used?
He earns a couple tens of grands every month, life is not that bad for him.
He's not good at Chinese and often fails to express himself correctly.
Competing in this race are some good horses. It is a touchstone for their strength.
I looked everywhere for the pen, but I couldn't find it.
Eating ice-cream is the best we can do in such a hot summer.
Tiu Keng Leng was called Hanging Ridge in the past.
Shall we dance? / Are you willing to be my partner to dance?
The fallen scaffolding crushed 10 people to death.
You have a cup of lemon tea every day with quite an amount of sugar, beware of getting fat!
Come to me after school at staff room to get your phone back.
Do you know the cause of the accident?
Siu-Ming invited her to attend a classical music concert together, yet Siu-Ming fell asleep during the concert.
This interface of this software is user-friendly.
Since many of us cannot make it today, the meeting will be postponed to next week.
At this point, we have nothing left but to tell the police.
The economic conditions are really bad, think thrice before buying expensive things.
After ten years of disappearing, this singer is finally back on stage.
This district looks very different after reconstruction.
This plaque has been here for 200 years.
Their friendship is as good as brotherhood.
Constantinople was conquered in 1453.
All our stores are open 24/7.
That taxi driver caught the robber with his bare hands.
I only make purchases when there is a special offer.
The immune system of the elderly is usually less efficient, hence, even though they are given a jab, sometimes an antibody response could not be elicited.
She's all dressed up and looked beautiful.
The tradition of lantern lighting in celebration of births of male infants is still maintained in villages in the New Territories.
Close your eyes and make a wish.
Students can enjoy a 30% discount subscribing to newspapers.
Humid weather makes clothes turn mouldy easily.
Could you show me how to do it please?
It's obvious that they are not get along well.
The leader of the lion dance team put down the card for invitation and then took the red packet.
You should not keep sticking to others for the whole life, you have to learn how to stand on your own.
Because of his bad friends, he has been led astray.
Under the present circumstances, we have no choice but to cancel the trip.
He closed his eyes for the last time without a care in the world. It's so irresponsible.
This little boy is really sensible, as he understands how hard his parents work.
You should listen to objective suggestions.
Hey man, we haven't talked in a while! How's it going recently?
The winner will get a return ticket to San Francisco.
As the pandemic continues, restrictions are not going to be lifted for a while.
There is always no clue about his whereabouts. How could I have no worries!
Such small tables just cost several ten dollars each.
Don't get yourself involved in their relationship!
No one warns us that it will rain today.
The baby survived after being buried under the landslide for a week. Amazed, everyone who knew that praised the miraculous baby.
Extra fee for extra service hours, are you okay with that?
He will become the manager of another department next month.
It's been ten years since I started working here.
The area is so spacious. That thing can definitely fit in here.
The boss says we can leave work early for the winter solstice celebration!
He is sitting on his own, not saying a single word.
The flight from Hong Kong to Japan takes four hours.
I have decided. You don't need to persuade me anymore.
You are fat, you should thank god that nobody calls you "fat-woman".
Why do all the groupmates like to freeload me?
Why do you have to be the other woman and break up their family?
Can you chop up the soy sauce chicken for me please?
This country produces a large amount of oil every year.
The gestures and facial expressions of the leading actress in this drama are too artificial. They're not natural enough.
This is the most difficult test ever.
He has been a priest for many years.
They opened another shop on the opposite of the street to draw away my customers.
Doing this again and again makes me dispirited.
This contract will come into effect from tomorrow onwards.
Is it really like that? Let's check this out first!
You take a loaded gun pointing at me, then you say you won't hurt me. Are you silly?
No matter how much he talks about it, he is just repeating himself.
He broke the world record for the long jump.
I've told you not to do it this way! Now we have great troubles!
Why are you being so hostile? I really don't know how to do this.
Everyone has their own way of doing things.
Father, I'm wrong. I'm sorry.
Yes, learning English can be difficult, but it's not impossible. With determination and perseverance, you'll eventually get there.
He collects many different kinds of phone cards.
This cooking boiler serves one person and costs $70 only.
You won this contract, making a meritorious contribution to the company.
He has revised for twenty hours. It's insane!
I realise only now that she's the girl I love.
Boss likes you a lot! You must have a lot of opportunities to make money and earn fame!
Look the two twin babies look very similar!
The dish of stir-fried crabs are wonderful!
Don't argue over trifles.
You take the advantage of having more number of people on your side by make use of the human wave attack.
You look like you've been sneaky lately. What wicked plans are you cooking up?
We will continue to provide you with a first class service.
Don't follow me anymore, or I will call the police.
I'll see you on Sunday morning.
You don't know Brother Sum's family is having a funeral?
In the past, people avoided saying the emperor's name.
This election is a keen competition that all "white districts" are "filled" with pan-dems.
I haven't been on a romantic date with my husband for a long time.
If you receive the ill-gotten money, your conscience will get stained with guilt.
I break out in a cold sweat just thinking about public speaking.
You have to eat up these fruit once you cut them apart, if you let it open to air too long the liquid would ooze out, it will taste not as good as before.
The democratic reform leads to a flourishing society.
The structure of the story is extremely complicated.
She likes to wear her hat at a slant.
They had a big fight last night, that's why they're in a huff with each other today.
Our restaurant counts 100 dollars per person.
The teacher will choose one student in the class to join the competition.
Quickly remove stagnant water.
The lights are off. It's all dark in the room.
This boy has never been so quiet.
When asked to lend a penny or two, he still refuses.
Kids living in the remote mountain area have to climb mountains and wade waters on their way to school.
It is so remote here. No one's gonna come, not even a ghost!
I really don't want to waste time on these meaningless things.
Have you ever liked a guy, but stepped back because you thought you weren't attractive enough?
He fought against ten others on his own. That strength is beyond compare.
To hold an exhibition, you need to first choose a suitable venue.
He has high expectations for his kids.
Continuous heavy raining has caused flooding in the lowland areas of the north New Territories.
A man was chased after and attacked by a masked hitman in Mong Kok.
No two snowflakes are alike.
This academic paper proposed a new theory.
This bank has 5000 staff members.
The last time we had a meal together was already 3 years ago.
My dream is to be a traveller.
Happy time flies, it's time to say bye!
Wow, the word you wrote are so huge.
What a spectacular back heel goal!
How's it going now that Ming has started to court you?
You can go to Happy Valley by tram.
When they came to Hong Kong, they didn't restrain themselves from buying things.
These potatoes have been labelled as genetically-modified food.
Why do you dress like an old woman today? How can I bring you out and have fun?
We should give some thought on how we should get out of this difficult situation.
On what basis did you make such decision?
It was an unexpected failure that he lost in this election.
He carelessly tugged on and broke the electrical wire.
Hong Kong ranked bottom in a recent 'smiling index' survey, again attesting to the amount of stress faced by its workers.
Sorry, I'm stuck in traffic. I'll be late.
The dish may seems easy to make, but the steps are indeed quite complicated.
It hasn't rained for several months, so the ground is dry.
Large osyters are not delicious.
He is in big trouble this time, it is time to cut ties with him.
You're turning 40 next year, not young anymore.
This cartoon really makes me laugh so hard!
We will try our best to address your needs.
I was careless this time. I won't make that mistake again.
Mum likes eating Chiu Chow style dumplings, but I don't like them much.
My husband's father has poor memory.
Criticizing can be both positive and negative.
Over the past 20 years, Hong Kong has gone through great change.
That person has a strange personality.
Whether the event will be cancelled depends on whether the weather that day will be inclement.
Please show your support for sports day, it is all about charity.
This is so unlucky. How could we go outside with such heavy rain!
You don't always study. I am surprised that you can get into the university.
My boss talks too much. Meetings never finish within three hours.
The government plans to promote universal suffrage for CE election in 2017.
My colleague is on sick leave today so I take his job.
I bought tons of things from Taobao again. My mum must scold me.
He doesn't know how to swim. Give him a swim ring.
He's only made a small mistake, there's no need to be this angry.
She is already very old but still dresses like a young woman.
He trained the dog to be able to dance according to the given instructions.
The news report tallies with the facts.
You really think she loves you? She only treats you like a puppet!
When you are at my side, I feel so secure.
Could you lend me your electric screwdriver?
You can finish all your school work once and for all, then it's done.
The game is finally produced, I was so afraid that it would be canceled.
I go to work by train every day.
Too much compliment will make people arrogant.
There were all sort of cakes being put in the display window, they look very attractive.
He lost in a match, but this is not his fault.
The government is considering widening and adding tax bands.
When I was small, I dreamt of being a superhero to warn and punish the evil guys.
He's been promoted recently, and has a company car to pick him up and drop him off.
It is common for couples to have a fight and you should not make too big of a deal out of it and divorce, as by then there will be use crying over spilt milk.
How dare he wear flip-flops to a job interview.
He cut the mangoes into small round pieces, and then poured condensed milk.
You can't depend on your father-in-law's support for your entire life. You should be self-reliant and find your own way to find business deals.
You little brat. All you do is playing with your mobile phone day and night.
The baby is expected to be born on 24th December. We are still thinking about its name.
What did you move your nose so close to me for?
Hey, he's manly isn't he.
He hasn't had any surgery except for that time when he had appendicitis when he was twelve.
School ends earlier today. Let's sing karaoke, shall we?
There has been a "Curse of Penis Removal" circulating on the internet that, if you wager your penis on a team to win, that team would lose.
Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend this meeting.
Freelancers never know when their next business project will come.
I didn't expect this relationship to end so suddenly.
He has done many jobs but he always ends up without any accomplishment.
His explanation is way too simple. I find it hard to agree.
This article is controversial. I should see how people comment on this later.
She does not want to see you. You should stop bothering her.
[ChatGPT]With so many protectors around her, it seems like I don't have a chance.
Whenever asked what he's doing, he doesn't answer.
Guan Yin is said to have a heart full of mercy.
Crayons melt under heating.
Hong Kong dollar notes have many different colours.
They plan to open a new branch in six months.
I'm sleepy after having lunch. Let me go get some coffee.
Not everyone thinks like you do.
Do you know where he is? He's in France of course!
The woman married into our village twenty years ago.
Thanks for the effort put on those plants by the gardener, the garden is so beautiful now.
She walks lithely despite her pregnancy.
Your behaviour simply destroys my way to make money!
They didn't fall in love; the blind date was a failure!
Successful or not, thank you for helping out.
It will be very dangerous if no grounding is connected.
He noticed the organization before his arrival.
Hey no one plays dancing machines now. Everyone plays maimai.
She broke up with his boyfriend and became single again.
Being separated for twenty years, they finally reunited in Paris.
Do you employ students to do summer jobs here?
People gathered in Victoria Park to commemorate the Tiananmen Square incident.
She called me and told me she wasn't feeling well, so I bought her some congee, and you know what? She asked me to help her do the dishes, iron the clothes, and dump the garbage. She may have thanked me, but that doesn't mean she could use me like a goddamn slave.
I travelled 1.5 hours just to visit him, yet he was not at home.
We wish our dear customers a merry Christmas!
This place is not that safe, be more cautious when you go there.
Devoid of violent scenes and full of educational elements, this book is suitable for all ages.
The term "The Four Asian Tigers" refers to Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
I on the whole agree with your saying.
It's stressful to deliver a speech in front of so many people.
He is quite a sensible person.
You are such a talent in our industry. I have been looing forward to meeting you for a long time.
We decided to adopt this.
It is beyond superfluous to send so many police officers to deal with some demonstrators who are  "peaceful, rational, non-violent and foul-language free".
Thousands upon thousands of students march on the streets.
The cupboard isn't coated with fire retardant laminate. It doesn't have a black border.
I have to substitute for Ah Fan today.
Flame is a plasma.
Why are you hiding in the quilt sobbing?
Singapore is a relatively safe country among the countries in South-East Asia.
The red rainstorm signal has been hoisted. Primary school students need not go to school!
You should set an example for your younger brother and sister.
The room is swallowed by darkness after switching off the light. We can't see anything.
Which of you kids are responsible for this poop on the floor?
Dad said that when I was small, I used to love holding his hands and strolling around.
I admit that I am a man.
Father's day has never been as important as Mother's day.
Today it is your group's turn to give a presentation.
Please help me stir the beef till it's mince.
The said statement is completely groundless.
The Japanese believe wind chimes can bring people good luck.
A-Ming has inherited the body-build from his father, so he's also tall and big.
The government vowed to step up checks against drugs at border crossings.
The loser of this game needs to cross under my legs.
Potatoes are hard to digest, so we'd better have less of them.
The camera is priced at three thousand dollars.
Don't stare at her, she's a shy girl.
Councillor Leung, please leave the Chamber right now.
I came and just saw him on the floor, blood oozing non-stop from his head. I sent him to the emergency room right away.
There will be more shows later.
Tea leaves can be divided into many different grades.
The cashier embezzled a few thousand dollars.
All of them are chosen by him.
The lift door opens, and I see three people lying on the floor.
Keep on fighting till success!
Little boy, you can't say something like this to your dad!
My husband was caught red-handed seeking sexual pleasure from another woman.
A telecom company has placed many pull-up banners on the street to promote its fiber-optic broadband services.
All Mr. Chan talks about is money; he has no self-restraint. It's insufferable!
He does not have good sportsmanship. When the other team goals he becomes mad.
Don't be so lazy, put in more effort.
We shouldn't tolerate any sign of corruption.
Sleepwalking is a disease, you need to see a doctor.
His perception is so keen that he found a solution to the problem in no time.
He's crazy, of course. Why bother with him?
Zhao Wei got the Best Actress Award in Hong Kong Film Awards.
Is the cake square or round?
In the last few years there has been an increase in the language proficiency of Hong Kong students.
Are you looking for dried fish? You can get them in the dried food area by going along the left corridor.
My younger sister studies in primary two.
There are many legends for the origin of Chinese characters.
It's so sunny today. Let's rest under the tree shade.
Don't tag me please, this photo isn't nice.
The rock star tutors at this tutorial centre all make a million dollars a week.
All the discounted items were already grabbed by other people.
The kidnapper tied the hostages up.
Wound inflammation made his skin fester.
Any source? I have to cite them.
The post office is right downstairs, how convenient.
It's flooding down my flat, so I can't go to work.
He is still facing three charges, but it is still a good thing that he was released on bail.
You answered this question wrongly.
Perforation of the eardrum has a high chance of affecting hearing.
You are carrying a lot of things! Come take a seat.
I always thought they were not well matched, so I wasn't surprised when they got divorced.
closer than friends in the same band
How long does it take to cycle from Shatin to Tai Po?
I think I'm going to buy the e-book. A physical book is too heavy.
Remember to take the deed of the house to the law firm to complete the formalities.
Lasagne is the favourite food of Garfield.
Swimming at the Dragon Boat Festival will bring you good fortune.
Going to a barbecue picnic with all guys and no girls! This party is a total sausagefest!
You reject the boss's idea in his face! How brave are you!
The arguments on both sides are just repetition of their previous points. No new points are introduced.
A teacher needs to know how to write up a teaching plan.
Your English is really bad.
It takes three hours more for me to finish my work.
He spent a lot of time delving into linguistics.
The TV set has a yellow tint, tune it please.
Everyone knows he is such a stingy person, how would he be willing to lend you money?
Long dresses are very popular in this season. Just buy one.
Study finds that adding seaweed in cow's meal can reduce methane emissions.
Today's meeting is about the direction of the company's development in the coming year.
We should do everything with stability and should never be discouraged even when we come across a failure.
I feel dizzy after taking a dose. I really need a sleep.
It's just spare change, don't be a cheapskate!
I felt so refreshed after sitting down to meditate.
This pole is carved out of a single tree trunk.
Why do they earn big money after they dropped out, but I work at McDonald's after I dropped out?!
This factory is fitted out with many large-scale machines.
Help! I can't swim!
Your girlfriend is very mad at you. You have to lower your ego and try to conciliate with her.
Vacuum tube amplifiers are renowned for their sweet high timbre, accurate mid tones and powerful bass.
Why can you be the judge of a singing competition when you don't know how to sing?
This is of high importance. Take it seriously.
Her smile is deeply engraved in my mind.
Hong Kong government reinforced the quarantine measures after SARS.
What a precocious kid this is!
To apply this job, you need to attend three interviews.
After thinking indecisively about it for a while, I finally decided to confess my feelings.
The police killed two suspects in a gunfight.
You just hit your head. If you feel something's not right, go find a doctor immediately.
Even though no efforts are spared teaching you, you still have no change at all!
After her husband died, she has been living alone.
Armed groups held dozens of foreigners captive as bargaining chips.
I like fruits, such as apples, oranges and banana.
Through countless pieces of evidence, he grasped a faint sense of the truth of this case.
We made the same mistake together; I got sacked, while he merely received a warning letter. Don't you think that's biased?
Pistachios are popular snacks during the Chinese New Year.
Last night, A-chung went to buy a newspaper. He encountered a gang of hooligans, and got badly beaten.
The size of the model is identical to that of the real object.
You have done such a great job, A-OK!
Mobile phones vary in price from several hundred dollars to several thousand dollars.
The teacher speaks Putonghua in class, and students don't have the mood to listen.
Don't start crossing the road when the walk sign is flashing.
Buying loads of products of famous brands, she would still overspend even if she earned $40000 a month.
Ah-kit is a meticulous person, everything he undertakes is polished to the point of perfection.
The vaccine adopts mRNA technique, which is the first attempt in the world.
The person who is on the platform is professor Lee.
Hong Kong imports millions of chickens every year.
Lopsided result shows the voters' support to the Republican Party in this round of election.
I just did something full of fail.
In Sociology, the Urban Political Economy approach tends to use a top-down approach to analyze urban phenomena.
Don't exaggerate those tiny problems.
If you cut the line recklessly, you will cause troubles for others and yourself.
Is it really a coincidence? I doubt that.
You can bring these twigs back to the campsite first.
She has caught a cold from her colleague.
Chinese culture had a great influence on Japanese culture in the past.
I can't imagine you can be so nauseating.
A-chung falsely accused me of stealing that cake, but everyone sees the cream at the corner of his mouth already.
Why don't you maintain your car? At least put on a car cover to protect it from dust and scratches.
Don't worry, I'll take care of him.
The gel stick between nail and skin.
You can try out the quality of this piano.
I have been longing for a long time, that famous shop finally opens a branch in our district.
Lights are sparkling on fishing boats. The sea shimmers in the lights.
He made suicidal attacks repeatedly and still managed to survive. I have to say that I am somewhat impressed.
The patients' medical records are ought to be kept confidential.
Eating dry biscuits with no water can cause choking
He always scolds others for no reason. I wonder if he's crazy!
I asked him to go out with me on Saturday.
Ha, what a joke. Haven't you been 'immersing' yourself abroad? Your English still sucks, though.
The swing of this piece of music is very lively.
He is sinister and crafty. Beware of him!
She eventually felt a prick of conscience and confessed to her crime in the police station.
People at the top don't like how this is done.
The age of a woman is a sensitive topic.
No employees don't want to get promoted and have their pay raise.
Yuan shih-k'ai restored and maintained the imperial monarchy only for 83 days. After a few more months he died of illness.
Do you know who he is?
Only the form of his idea looks novel, not to mention his ordinary rhetoric.
Hey, be gentle with that switch. You're gonna break it.
He was caught cheating during exam and was disqualified.
All you give me are coins, wouldn't that make my purse super heavy?
Is there anything I can do to help?
The handbag is worth buying indeed, it fits in every occasion.
I am envious of you having such a responsible son. You need not worry about him.
The three ingredients in shreds can be randomly picked. Bean sprouts, carrots, Chinese mushroom, wood ear, pickled mustard tuber and bamboo shoots are good choices.
We hired a Thai translator.
The quality of food in Japan is truly superior to that in Hong Kong.
See, I told you he is that rapist.
Over ten thousand took part in the demonstration.
In the 1997 stock market crash, many lost money through speculation.
You don't need to explain anything to this dumbass.
Good morning auntie.
Only if one wields genuine skill can they be considered a true master.
We haven't reached any consensus on this problem.
You'd better be aware of others. The world outside is complicated.
Coloured pencil marks cannot be removed by erasers.
Her eyes glow when she sees the stack of banknotes. Anyone can tell how greedy she is!
He knelt down and begged his boss not to fire him.
I always forget her name whenever I am going to say it.
Big companies pass their costs onto consumers.
Each of you can share a piece of the cake.
In a blink of an eye, our daughter becomes a university student.
Mr. Chan isn't here at the moment. Do you want to leave a message?
Gosh! I thought I did so badly already, but it turned out the junior did worse. They can't catch up with our generation.
What the fuck are you giving me a pager made twenty years ago as a gift?
Ew! The cake is too sweet. I'm not eating it.
This pond has various kinds of fish.
These two pit bulls look quite fierce.
Have a quick look to check whether there is someone in the room or not.
He just broke up, of course he is in a bad mood.
Take your seat, we are going to have our meal!
Stop stirring the congee please, you make the water oozing out now.
I am almost out, only a few exposures left.
I witness this historical moment.
He is not only knowledgeable but also very humble.
The teacher is absent today, so just study by yourselves.
So if this person calls, tell them I'm not here.
No matter how painfully evident the facts are, there will inevitably be those that refuse to accept the reality before them.
Look at that kitty-cat, it's so cute!
In this pavilion, a bunch of old men play chess every morning.
He has disappeared for three days, and his whereabouts are still unknown.
The uneven road may cause accidents easily.
Everyone wants to back to their hometown when they get old, it is normal.
Let's find a cafe to take a rest there.
Dr. Yeung's seminars are always a full house.
Look after your purse, or you'll regret when it gets stolen.
My son's teenage rebellion starts when he enters secondary school. He does not obey me.
The candidates of that party only knows how to criticise potential voters for not seeing the big picture, but never stop to reflect on their own shortcomings. It is not worth pitying that they lose the election.
Dr. Cheung is truly an authority in the field of archaeology.
That girl deliberately ignored my messages, should I keep on finding her ?
I can't find any clues on my side, how about you?
The Sydney Opera House is a landmark of Sydney.
Which brand should we choose if I purchase an e-reader?
As I haven't been paid this month, I have to live in a extremely frugal way.
Once he holds the mic, he'll make lengthy talks.
Working six days a week is extremely tiring.
The surrounding environment of this building is very complex.
Ah-po demonstrates his talent on the soccer field.
I have a fever. I feel dizzy and hot.
She seems happy, but it's just a put-on.
After she stopped taking the medicines, her situation worsened rapidly.
The Catholic Church sent their members of the clergy to China for missionary work for many times.
She lacks her own ideas and often changes her attitude.
Can you weigh this fish please?
Yesterday I played board games with friends, I don't wanna use my brain too much today, I have overpowered my brain yesterday already.
Come on in and work out with me, you frail people!
I'm having a temporary job. I nearly have no duties and I feel bored.
May the audience please show some respect to the speaker and be quiet.
I was wrongly told that there is no lesson today.
First, I will go to the office to get a document.
Where are you going in this afternoon?
Insert the key card. When the light turns green, you can open the door.
She is an avarice for vanity that I think she has a repulsive look.
Don't run the red light, there are traffic police across the road!
I have had that experience and I understand your feelings.
It's not good to gossip about others in the presence of anyone.
Leather goods should be taken care, or they will be mildewed.
'Can you swim?' 'Yeah, just a little bit though. I wouldn't die if I fell into the sea, but that's pretty much it.'
I think the webpage has a simple, user-friendly layout, but it's a bit boring.
Let's take a rest in a cool and shady spot.
J. K. Rowling's new novel is very popular after she became famous.
I really can't stand her condescension.
There are many ethnic groups in Hong Kong, and they live at peace with each other.
This action is not reasonable.
Many people take marriage photos in HKU.
"Hope" is a synonym of "expectation".
How dare you stare at my chick? Suck my dick!
Some people are terrified when they see a gecko. Actually geckos are pretty nice, as they feed on mosquitoes and insects.
I started to have feelings for him.
Here, buy stock number 9999, I promise you will be rich as hell.
She tried to seduce me, but I won't be fooled.
When is the deadline of the paper?
The bananas are unripe, it is a bit astringent.
Um... iced lemon tea please.
Our boss has sloppy shoulders. You don't want to be working under him.
If I do not meet the sales target this month, I will be fired.
Due to objection to the sales tax, the merchants have gone on strike in protest.
During these hours it's not easy to find space for parking.
Physicist Nick Wong has read many books in a variety of types, and he even knows fung shui and practice of physiognomy.
We will arrive at the Lantau Island after crossing the bridge.
Come on please, tidy up your look. You look like a witch!
The students are very quiet. They are listening to what the teacher says carefully.
The yanks are always the fictional enemy of China.
She's quite skinny, so her butt looks large in comparison.
George Orwell is his favourite novelist.
We will continue to follow up on this case.
The left one is my eldest brother, and the right one is my second elder brother.
Have those graduation photos been developed yet?
The 2nd Emperor of Qing Dynasty is famous for his licentious indulging in sexual pleasure.
You watch very hardcore movies.
They were ignorant of the relationships of their spouses.
There is light in this house. There should be people inside.
Although she lost in the singing contest, she won the champion in Miss Hong Kong Pageant.
It's cold in early mornings. I'd usually wear a dressing gown.
The shop will deliver our new sofa on Thursday.
This company has been trimming a lot of fat after the privatization that brings itself to bear its own cost.
Now you can handle so many tasks simultaneously at ease. You really have gone up one level.
These couples look so young. It feels like a shotgun marriage to me.
What are the differences between cold and flu?
He was reading while extracting the key points.
I'm sure this comedy will make you laugh out loudly.
When I go to Chinese restaurant, I must order steamed dumpling with pork and  shrimp dumpling.
Miraculous! How come the doll could speak?
The baby bottles need to be sterilised before use.
"Three for $100, deal?" "Deal."
She speaks so softly that no one can hear her.
Do not always sigh with regret. Work harder tomorrow!
If you see me faint, you won't sit back and watch, right?
We were once very close, but as we grew up we just drifted apart.
Having double pops alone is double enjoyment.
This sum of money should be enough for your whole life.
It's heard that the committee members in charge of the students' publication often make mistakes. You'd better pay more attention when cooperating with them.
My uncle is a man of dignity. I respect him a lot, but at the same time I'm afraid of him too.
Before breakup, they gave a goodbye kiss to each other.
We recieve a lot of junk faxes every day.
When Alan analyzed to this point, he still smiled like facing an old friend, but actually his facial muscles were quite stiff.
Everyone already knows about his promotion. It is not a secret at all.
He was fired at the end of the month. He only got several thousand dollars in his bank account, but he still bought cakes for his co-workers on his last day of work.
That eunuch was arrogant due to being in the emperor's favor. He's such a despicable person.
You can pass your test with your intelligence.
Mora should be taken into consideration when composing lyrics in Japanese.
I'll hand over this important task to you.
Towards the end of the month, there is only a short queue in every bank.
I've put a book on the table.
We deeply admire the athletes' absorbed performances on the sports ground.
He was caught stealing and is going to spend some time behind the bars.
The son has many ingenious ideas; his mum never knows whether she should feel mad or amused.
After playing merry-go-round, I feel so dizzy and do not want to walk.
She gazed admiringly at the performers on stage.
After being injected with a tranquiliser, he fell soundly asleep like a pig.
It's foolish to think that he enjoys impunity simply because he is highly valued by his boss.
Of course, I am willing to marry you. I don't care how dirt poor you are.
Better boil the frozen food slightly in water to get rid of the smell of fringe before cooking.
The page view of the website is quite high, which is why it is full of advertisement.
This is a great and arduous mission.
The odds of having triplets is very low.
He rides around in his Rolls-Royce. How awesome is that!
He became the number-one male tennis player in the world.
She lost too much blood and needed a transfusion.
There are seven people in the office, three of which are university graduates.
We walked and walked, and next thing you know we were home.
Please abide by the rules and refrain from cutting in line.
It's arduous to collect all 276 pokemon.
You look so scrawny as if starving to death. Eat more rice for goodness' sake!
If you go to swim every morning, you will be healthier.
The toilet does not flush and it stinks.
You have a broken love line on your palm, and a poor romantic luck.
Don't provoke him, he has a bad temper.
If you drink milk every day, your skin will become smoother.
to bide one's time
Talk to our boss before expanding your empire here.
To avoid unnecessary disputes, we'd better make agreement before we start.
Don't squat down in the middle of the road, you are blocking everyone!
She embroidered a small fish on the long gown.
Hong Kong's country parks are extremely suitable for hiking.
He finally got rid of the bad habit of drinking a can of coke every day.
The previous owner built illegal eaves on the house.
Those high-rises were taken down by the government as part of an urban renewal plan.
Is there enough space for a baby chair at this table?
This girl escaped from North Korea and published a book.
The colour of this wallpaper completely clashes with that of the sofa. It looks awful.
He always acts slowly and looks stupid to react.
Mr. Wong intends to enter the Chinese mainland market, so he is proactively making connections with the elite there.
All our preparation work was in vain because the government minister  cancelled his visit to our school.
There's a carnival at Tamar, but things are expensive there, so I'd better stay home.
Both sides suffered heavy casualties after an intense battle.
If you keep fighting like that, you're gonna get killed!
We have to be free and easy, don't always think of the things that happened before.
The market is on this side and the bank is on that side.
The interview this time focuses more on the daily life of this lecturer so as to let readers know more about his private side.
Would you buy me a cigarette while you're at it?
Last week I feel so sick that can hardly eat, these few days seems recovered and the appetite is back.
We are civilised people. Do not resort to violence.
The shopping mall becomes very quiet around eight or nine o'clock. Very few people go there at that time.
Parents should not restrain their children too much.
When I was starting my car, a cop pulled me over.
I had no desire to embroil myself in this dispute.
The lawyer stamped the certificate with her seal.
A set with no elements is called an empty set.
In order to fight against piracy, the government decides to legislate and protect copyright.
Archaeologists have unearthed monuments and antiques of Song and Yuan Dynasties at the construction sites of MTR Shatin Central Link in To Kwa Wan.
The taste of the dumplings is a bit weird. Perhaps it has gone bad?
His daughter sings exceptionally well.
Please give me a chance to make it up. I promise I'll succeed this time.
His skill has got worse. He can't fight as good as he could.
Just a scratch. No big deal.
The competition is close to the end, and he is still leading by far.
Sago in coconut milk can treat indigestion.
This battle was won with the help of mercenaries.
The police has issued an arrest warrant for a Putonghua-speaking middle-aged man who is suspected of drug trafficking.
Just a smile can make me crush on him.
He do not care his fame and wealth.
Many young boys are afraid to pursue women with high salary, high education level and high IQ.
Many people fled to Hong Kong during the last century.
This flat seems sound and wholesome, should be good to live in.
A lot of people want to become rich in a night.
My Ferrari is going to wreck you. Eat my dust!
To overdo it in the gym may result in the opposite of what you wish.
Do you think he regards you as his friend? He calls you brother when he needs you, but he thinks you are just a jerk.
We got no news so far. I'm afraid they might be dead.
This article is reprinted from that book.
Regarding this matter, I wouldn't make any comments.
Having a delightful tour at the Western Europe has always been my dream!
It's so hot and I'm so thirsty. I'll go buy some drinks at the vending machine.
Eat more fruit; they aid digestion.
Don't assume he has bad grades just because he is always sleeping in class. He actually gets high marks.
Our company is ready to face new challenges.
He wanted to urge them not to fight, but unexpectedly caught a fist. Who could blame him!
When we arrive at the peak, let's take a break.
This baby has chubby cheeks, he's so cute.
He said that he punched the doctor twice and left!
I will take the job for you this time, bro.
It is fairly happy to live in Hong Kong.
During the war, the two countries ceased all forms of communication between each other.
I need to return to the office within two hours after the typhoon warning signal is cancelled.
Who paid for this computer?
Why are you tipping him $100? You hate the money or not?
Autumn is coming, my skin is dry as the desert.
Don't use that mouldy cloth.
This interview is off the record.
If you don't upgrade this skill, it wouldn't be able to inflict much damage.
Frick! The machine stopped working again!
Universities conduct a survey on graduates' career preference every year.
When society is torn apart, everybody loses. It's time to change.
Back in the old days, "Life Bread" was a staple in almost every household. I grew up eating it too.
Mum went to toilet, come and help fill the last seat.
I prefer to keep out of arguments about money.
Pay up or I'll disclose your ugly past to the public.
This is really amusing, a radio controlled car that can climb on walls.
There were uncountable dangerous scenes in this trip. Luckily, I survived it.
We planned to meet at five, and you just arrived at five.  You're very punctual!
After going through so much, the triad leader emigrated to New Zealand to unplug from the world.
His appearance is quite comic-like, quite cute!
The government has neglected these hygiene problems.
After hearing the news, he was too excited to fall asleep.
Every time I visit a Western country, I can't get used to the food there.
The red chip bubble finally burst with most now trading below their issue prices.
Candidates sitting the HKDSE exams are mostly from day schools.
Once again, I become single now.
She is not up to scratch, but is jealous of other people winning a prize. What kind of mindset is that.
We'll compose essays next lesson, so we need to prepare manuscript paper.
I'm not free today so I can't go out with you.
He is a person with sexual aversion because he/she has no interest in sexual activities
Don't use disposable cutlery, it is very unsustainable.
The stories written by Ah-Chung are so dry and dull.
It is not always true that someone would admire you when you do something unusual; they may be teasing you instead.
That girl has fair skin; she is quite pretty.
Social workers actively approaches the young ones who walked on a narrow path and hope to convert them to the correct ones.
Legend has it that there is treasure in the cave.
There were altogether four participants including me in the race, and I got the bronze medal.
We hardly ever meet, you suddenly pop up and ask for a loan from me!
He got this position through despicable means.
I've never heard of that rumour before, I don't know if I should believe it or not.
Are you sure there is no problem with the hinge?
To overcome fear, you must face it.
Among the various sports activities, swimming is my strongest activity.
I had my pocket picked in a crowded shopping mall.
This is so unbelievable.
It takes 20 minutes to travel from here to here.
It's really not easy to hold an unforgettable birthday party.
The number of votes he got overwhelmed that of his main rival.
West Rail Line is 35.7 km long.
The company has given us a small raise this year.
This student possesses great potential in mathematics.
I've moved to a new house and it's in Sha Tin.
Don't act crazy again! I beg you!
Sir, are you done with your acting yet? No one touched you at all. How could you dive to the ground yourself and pretend to be the victim?
He insists emphatically that I am the culprit.
They started to sway with the music.
If you're free, give me a call.
How's the whole story? Tell me clearly.
We have a really close relationship with each other.
It's hard to think intensively after listening to a catchy song.
After one's death, the spiritual essence will leave the body.
Last week, you were so confident in saying that you would finish the assignment by today, but it's due tomorrow and you're still not done.
Venus atmosphere mainly consists of greenhouse gases, which makes it the hottest planet in the Solar System.
This mobile phone is crap, it broke after being used for only two months.
This training camp aims at training students' team spirit.
Although this is a small hotel, the General Manager makes a great effort to create a warm and cosy atmosphere.
She has a unique personal charm.
I wonder whose attention would not be caught by her!
Since he was small, he has been weak and sick, so his face looks sickly pale all the time.
The child really drove his mum crazy!
We will meet again some day.
Whatever. It doesn't count towards the final grade anyway.
Jeans are so versatile that they can be a perfect match with any clothes and make you look good.
These numbers add up to 100.
I need to write the Chinese calligraphy from the copybook when I was a primary student.
Each and every one of my cards are bad, how can I play with them?
Elections should be conducted in a fair, open and just manner
My boss ordered me to do this and that.
The sick dad brings a serious burden to the family.
He accidentally spilt the ink. Then he decided to make the best of it, and painted this picture.
You know I like her, and put me on blast about meeting her "by chance". How embarrassing!
His company was liquidated, and he is also deeply in debt.
The panel of judges suggested that his acting was sophisticated enough to be awarded the prize of Best Actor.
This is the first time I've refrained from playing video games for so long.
Please make an appointment at the nurse station for a follow-up check-up.
give me your hand, I've something for you.
Whenever it turns windy or rainy, my knees become painful.
Water has been discharged from the Shenzhen reservoir. There may be a risk of flooding in some parts of the New Territories.
Damn, how the hell would the property management fee so expensive when the power always go out?
Concentrate on your work, understood? I'll handle all the daily choresdoing the laundry and cooking dinner and whatnot.
Since SARS, the flat price in Hong Kong has never been decreased.
The monthly income of this diva is enough for me to live through an entire year.
It is not difficult to learn English vocabulary items but English grammar.
I heard some important person will pay a visit, so we have to clear the area to prepare for it.
Many people have booked a bed and breakfast and finally do not show up at all in a year.
Just transfer the sum via ATM.
To slow down the rise of flat prices, the government has established a new policy on extra stamp duty.
Look at his boastful attitude. It's just a matter of time that he will get beaten up.
The majority of the employees have university degrees.
A: "What's for dinner tonight?" B: "I'm down for whatever you guys want."
Everyone is in pairs here.
He dyed his hair and wears earrings, who knows where he learned to be so bad.
Which do you prefer? Sanitary napkins or tampons?
Yan usually dressed modestly, but she is so well-endowed and sexy in that evening gown at Graduation Dinner today. Damn, she was hiding the pearl in a haystack the whole time.
There are one hundred families living up on the hill.
I'll collect your experiences to write a book.
When talking about his own expertise, he keeps speaking freely.
It's difficult to guess without hints.
He is not in town now. What are you seeking him for?
You obviously like that girl, don't you? Come on, just admit it!
Big Wave Bay Beach is probably Hong Kong's favourite surfing location.
It's spine-chilling just looking at you doing that!
You have a brutal appearance and it might frighten the children.
I chat with him on WhatsApp almost everyday.
It's finally here! They're broadcasting the finale!
He has a detached house in Kowloon Tong.
His girlfriend is familiar with the football sports community. Whichever football club you mention, she can chat about it.
Whenever she hears something she doesn't like, Ah-sau would argue with the speaker.
We must wear enough clothes in midwinter.
Being stuck behind double-deckers on one-way streets is just the worst.
They threw a dinner party and he showed up without being invited. Nobody paid attention to him, so all he could do was play on his phone.
Keep the crime scene in the original condition.
Please keep quiet while the film is playing.
We will pay you $3000.
The car costs a whopping 600 thousand dollars. Please take proper care when driving it.
How could I help A-chung when he's such a wimp?
The police are investigating a succession of arson.
There is a suspicious man on site.
The date, time and venue for the forum are set out below.
The Hang Sang Index has rose quickly by 2000 points today.
Those 'patriotic organisations' were flaunting that they have loads of followers, as if they were really powerful.
A-chung went to play arm wrestling with a muscular man. A-chung already spent half an hour trying to pull, but the muscular man's arm remained totally still.
In the past, the imperial concubines resorted to all means to struggle for the emperor's favour.
I don't know what kind of food I want, you can decide for me.
The driver is in severe condition and has been sent to the hospital for treatment.
Medical care personnel should wash their hands frequently to prevent viral infections.
He usually works quite well. He just unexpectedly failed to do well this time.
He was so scared that he was frozen into the pose of standing stick and didn't say anything.
Being a person you can't be indecisive, you must make your own decisions.
Just now on the street I saw an armed fight between the two gangs.
Originally we planned to go for a picnic today. Unfortunately, the weather is so bad that we cannot go.
Anyone else bidding? One, two, three, it's a deal.
The doctor said your chance of survival is fifty-fifty.
They have been in a relationship for almost 10 years. It's time to get married.
Don't hurt small animals. Do believe in Karma. There will be consequences.
Counterfeit fragrances are rampant in auction sites. You are better to visit the official website to order it.
He was blacklisted by immigration office, he cannot immigrate any more.
They are not satisfied with the court ruling and are preparing to lodge an appeal.
Judging by its clarity, the water of this stream should be drinkable.
The Maldives are facing the crisis of sinking below sea level.
I'm taking three freelance jobs in addition to my regular job. I'll be doomed if somebody finds it out.
I wonder, how many candidates will qualify in the end?
Apart from beheading, executioners were also in charge of cutting prisoners at their waists.
[ChatGPT]Hey, you should finish burying the dead before going to study abroad!
All these walls are heavily graffitied.
Our relationship has changed.
There are now two racecourses in Hong Kong, one in Sha Tin and one in Happy Valley.
You go to negotiate with him, to see if he agrees to give us 5% off.
"Although I lose, I would win the next game." This is a common logic of most gamblers.
He doesn't know what's happened; his eyes become red and swollen, just like the eggs.
These factors are very disadvantageous to the market.
My classmate plagiarized others in his homework but still received one grade higher than mine.
He was once bitten by a dog and was traumatized by the incident.
That report's far offwe still have nearly a week to deliver it. Why don't we focus on this one first?
He left in a great rush after finishing his call.
No matter how many challenges there are, he is able to face them in a calm, cool, and collected manner.
He's an orphan. He grew up in the orphanage.
It's time for these old machines to retire.
I still have a cold, so I need to wear a mask.
He's way loaded. He bought a film camera and two lenses in like two weeks' time.
Once she ascended to power, sweeping reforms followed.
This class is very demanding. Are you sure you want to take it?
Stop intervening company affairs!
Ar Chung will quit school at the end of month and emigrate.
Do you want to buy a keychain as a souvenir?
I'm having my period. Don't prefer sports now.
The enemy is out in the light while we are in the dark; we can now ambush him.
You are not at all focusing on studying; how could you possibly tackle the DSE exam?
It's so magical that the train can run without batteries.
What a great feeling it is to be truly loved.
You having been shaking your head whole day long, what's wrong with you?
A-chung fell and injured his pelvis last month. Now he'll be using a crutch for a while.
He gunned down 3 thieves all by himself.
We've got trouble right now - the machine is down again.
Some prisons are designated for junior criminals.
He uses his well-built body and good-looking face to his advantage to commit to casual sex relationships. He has one-night stand and swaps sex partners all the time.
Wedding banquets usually end at 11 p.m..
Does your room always lack sunlight?
He is just a child, he cannot stay at home alone.
Oh my, no! I couldn't earn any this time and even lost all my money!
He has been gone for some time already.
How could you forget buying a bottle of water for the speaker?
You know exactly what evils you've done.
Ugh, I had told you to bring your wallet.
Remember to make a wish before blowing the candles.
This prisoner killed countless people. He's really something.
The government has put in two billion dollars to construct a new medical building.
You will be a star? Don't dream!
It takes time to establish a new education system.
This thing is quite heavy.
The table seems to be misaligned. Let's move a bit to align that.
He is throwing a tantrum so that I would buy a toy car for him.
The music of this song is to be rearranged for the violin.
My sweater was snagged by a nail.
Our family affairs are none of your business!
We visited a nursing home and chatted with a bunch of elderly today.
I think my legs are too muscular and don't look good in stockings.
Camera eats first, first is about the dish look, second is about taste.
I would like to thank the screenwriter for his outstanding script.
You need to know how to deal with people once you start working.
Last time I made fun of her, she joked that she didn't want to be friends with me anymore.
These new actresses always entice rich guys.
The general dedicated half his life to the battlefield. But in the end, he was framed and executed.
How come you have learnt to take drugs?
Born in 1930, died in 2000.
I played football all day and my legs are so sore now.
Hong Kong people should speak Hong Kong speech.
There is a hole in the pocket. Can you please mend it for me?
In that emergency situation, I could not slow my car down, and even pressed the gas pedal instead.
Today is the 80th birthday of my grandmother. I need to visit and celebrate with her.
Why your shorts are shorter than your safety shorts?
Don't bother to invest in penny stocks, they are evil.
Bread might seem to be healthy and contain low levels of fat, but actually it has a high calorie content - each slice contains 66 calories, which is almost the same amount for a pound of cucumber.
Chi-wah admitted his feelings for Ka-mei frankly.
a fresh flower stuck in cow shit
When I printed my ID photo, I didn't expect to get a blurry and eerie headshot.
You naughty girl, why don't you imitate other stuff but wax burning?
Just don't be so nosy. Mind your own business!
When the boss was on a business trip, his assistant was in control of everything alone and made all the decisions.
The Taiwanese government had issued a curfew during the martial law period, constraining the nighttime movement of citizens.
He gunned down 3 thieves all by himself.
He's the one responsible for checking the goods. Ask him if there's something wrong.
To be accurate, I don't think there are any winners in the First World War.
The bus was fifteen minutes late arriving.
He was beaten in a bar and accused of malicious wounding when he fights back.
She would make an excuse to lean on my shoulder, and would look into my eyes in a flirting way.
In general, girls like muscular boys.
Who is that guy beckoning to you?
People would usually share ghost stories when they go camping.
He stares into the void, only to find the void not that interesting.
I'm very busy right at the moment. I can't talk to you.
No one will remember these things later.
Depression is the most common mental disorder in Hong Kong.
It only seems to rain when we play football. How disappointing!
Whatever it costs, I need you guys to find that betrayer out!
Will the surgery leave a scar?
Thanks for your time and your participation in this telephone interview.
The lift is full. Take the next trip.
Have you ever tried the traditional "nine great vessels"?
There are many roads across Tsim Sha Tsui.
Remember to hold the handrail tightly when you are on a minibus.
Hundreds of stars were shining overhead.
We all feel stressed, why did you want to make me angry?
Don't be sad. You can always find another girlfriend.
Those slummy rogues are so troublesome, they keep harassing the passer-by.
His first girlfriend is much more beautiful than his wife.
The company was built by my grandfather single-handedly.
Every ethnic group has its own social practices and customs.
Those players are too hot-headed, and that's why they lose more and more marks.
The boss assigned him to be the representative.
For years he has been combating the ineradicable disease actively.
It's Scar Face's territory here. I think we should leave now.
A duet with two brass instruments is uncommon.
Green leaves are always beside flowers.
To solve this long-standing problem, we must work closely together.
The floodwater came very fast. Soon, all the farm animals were washed away.
I don't remember his face.
I have a leftover chicken carcass. Would you like to have it to make broth?
His father built him a model ship.
You two are colleges. Please tolerate each other and make concessions.
She bought a record of the "Little Jazz Diva" two days ago.
He dislikes you without a reason, so just don't make petty tricks behind his back.
My younger brother wants to be a cook when he grows up.
He likes to make a V sign when he takes pictures.
There are many mysterious thefts in this district, making the District Councillor office crowded with visitors, all of whom are finding the councillor for advice.
Exercise works only when you keep doing it.
He asked for a loan then had you delivered the money to him, what a god damn trouble.
He will take these ideas all together into consideration.
You have gone way over the budget, there is no way the accounting department is accepting this.
if you have any symptoms, you should see the doctor as soon as possible.
We've just got an order to arrive in the scene.
The weather is so hot. It's best to have a smoothie.
You nasty little brat. Every time you use the toilet, there's pee everywhere.
We still saw each other one year after graduation, but afterwards we lost contact since she has left for the US.
The lift is out of order. We have to walk upstairs.
The president is always escorted by bodyguards when visiting a foreign country.
For people who have gone so far as to have registered. I will expect them to come.
to freeze eggs for in vitro fertilization
I get happiness from eating a lot.
It's free time now. Let's assemble here at 15:00.
If you work too hard and compromise your health when you are young, you will not have to enjoy your wealth no matter how much you earned.
She is a crybaby, she cries for everything.
If you go to Megabox from the MTR station, you need take a shuttle bus ride.
We always chat during lunch hour.
AK47 is simple yet powerful.
He couldn't stand the cruel torture and finally confessed his crime.
Spouses should accept each other's shortcomings.
Stop turning around and around! You make me feel dizzy.
It turns out that he is my biological child.
Wheat is a kind of raw material, but flour is not.
The basement of the department store usually sells food.
You don't know this river well, don't ever try to swim there!
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
The managers are distributing manpower to prepare for a big project.
She had to do a lot of running around day and night for her husband.
More than ten trams stopped service before because of the thunder.
It's a long story. I'll tell you when we meet.
He walked absentmindedly and stepped in a puddle.
Why you look so angry/frightened?
Public opinions matter.
He had much confidence in this competition.
The congress is now surrounded by rebel forces.
People with OCD are often observed compulsive cleanliness.
She doesn't have a care in the world.
The news of a pay raise starting next month has got us fired up.
You misheard me? I want tissue paper, not spoon.
He hit someone with a car. Now he is in a big trouble.
Mum, I want to go down to the terrace level to ride the bicycle!
My assistant will attend the meeting on my behalf.
I cannot express how happy I am to see you all honoring my invitation.
Guards stand sentry outside Buckingham Palace every day.
Could you please not use profanity? That's so unpleasant to hear.
There is a fire! Quick, call 999!
Deal with the report with your partner.
This discussion about the reform is like cooking rice-less congee, as it will amount to nothing even if we discuss it for another ten years.
I will buy him a watch for his birthday.
One needs not be so famous as too much fame may get oneself into trouble.
A: "Wish you health!" B: "Same to you."
He said that he made a request for glasses in the request book, but I heard from the front desk that it still hasn't been approved.
We have ample evidence of your guilt.
He arrived shortly after my arrival.
You can order Ovaltine in every Hong Kong-style cafe.
These girls make an effort to dance.
Go for it! You can do it!
I forgot to zip my pants on my first date. It was super embarrassing!
You ask me for many gifts, do you think I am a rich man?
It has been ten minutes since the start of the firefight between the police and the thief.
I finished my homework in no time.
Adults should be more tolerant to children.
You've finished the meal and don't pay the bill, don't you want to repudiate the debt?
Today's the start of the new school year, and school boys and school girls are swarming the streets again.
The reporters stayed and waited for the whole morning, but they still haven't seen the Chief Executive coming out.
You ruined the reputation of the company.
Chan Tai Man is a person who seeks harmony but not uniformity.
If I don't reply, that means I am not free. Don't call me.
We three, as sisters and brothers, have worked hard for so many years. We finally accomplished something today.
I don't want to idle around after having the meal. I'll stay in the library for a while.
The lyrics of this song don't match the pitches of the melody line. How am I supposed to sing it?
I have been playing against him for three times, but the winner remained undecided.
Come on, please cut your nails. There's dirt under your nails.
Both linguistics and anthropology are interdisciplinary fields of study.
Stop whitewashing yourself. Don't you realize your mistake at all?
His website burns 3 million dollars a month, no wonder he is raising funds urgently.
Mobile phone signal is so poor here.
If there are political considerations in police investigations, then Hong Kong is finished.
The union is here to express our demand and appeal towards the management.
If we follow the rules strictly, late candidates will not be allowed to enter the examination hall.
She is angry and wants to use the cleaver to chop people.
The guards escorted the criminal back to the cell.
The god of Christianity is a personal god.
Smokers have very bad breath.
The satellite collects data in the space.
Why not finish the job quickly and then we can all go back home.
Departures are inevitable in life.
Don't feel arrogant for being the 1st in class. There are plenty of schoolmates smarter than you.
She is greedy that she like gaining extra advantages from others.
She cares about ranking, if she is not in the first place, she will be upset.
Put the materials onto the van first.
He has several girlfriends. I don't know how he could manage that.
That is only a very small amount of money. Please don't haggle over it.
Every time I watch Dayo Wong Tze Wah's stand-up comedy, I die laughing.
Just tell me "yes" or "no"!
You can't be so arbitrary on any matter. You need to know everything clearly before you judge.
I bought the ticket by sneaking out during work this afternoon.
It's indeed desirable to have the deal made. Even we fail, we can still gain connections.
It's finally time for me to come in handy!
We should unify our format of report writing.
The bus has low air pressure in the system, so the door won't work.
I am so riled up by you! You almost gave me a brain congestion!
Nothing happened as the group walked past the police, wielding the metal pipes. Is that even fair?
Finally we invited this band to be our performing guests this time.
His place is extremely messy and needs a lot of cleaning up.
He's now working as an office clerk, which is seen as a pretty stable job.
No matter it is an easy or a difficult condition, I have to hang on!
The place value of the units value is 1 and that of the tens value is 10. So on and so forth.
Water can actually be divided into soft and hard water.
I'm busy playing a game, so stop getting in the way with your hands waving all around beside me. It's so annoying.
You've just been promoted, don't you think you should treat us a meal to celebrate it?
Stream of conscience is a kind of narrative device of literary modernism.
This trip is terrific!
Do you think the boss really appreciates your performance? You are just like a puppet to him.
This job is too hard to do, I'll quit next month!
This restaurant recently introduced Spinach cheese quiche as a new dish.
My stomach feels gassy and I can't burp it out; it feels unpleasant with the pressure inside.
Even in a bob hairstyle, Lam-lam can still capture my heart.
Come on. You gotta share those tasty chips with us.
As various countries thirst for talents, skilled migrants should have no worries about future prospects.
A clown's job is to entertain people.
Composing a song is easy as pie for her.
The pillow is placed on the bed.
The programme will be broadcast during prime time.
Wow, this biscuit not only tastes good, it is also quite crispy.
Hong Kong Shue Yan University became an university in 2006.
Your reason sounds more like an excuse to me. I can't possibly give you a leave for that.
They were punished by the teacher for tipping each other off in the examination.
Since taking the exam, he has spent all his time gaming.
He affirmed that the extinction of dinosaurs was caused by a massive meteorite, citing research about recovered fossils.
Kung-fu films are a part of Hong Kong culture.
You bastard, nobody can be more despicable than you.
The government encourages couples to have at least four children.
My company is built upon my blood, sweat, and tears!
Are you taking the MTR or the bus?
Mum says the kitchen is hers. She doesn't let other people enter.
Nowadays, it is hard to find someone who fights against injustice and helps victims.
The melody and the lyrics match perfectly.
With his uncompromising attitude, I am afraid there won't be any settlement outside the court.
I just ordered a watch online, and before I knew it, it was delivered to me.
These children have a great sense of imagination.
What present should I give my husband for our marriage anniversary?
He is a principled man: if he said he won't gamble, he won't.
Are you going to find a summer job for the coming summer holiday?
In the 70s, plastic briefcases were very popular with students and workers.
The stock plummeted earlier. Luckily it gained it all back during the market rebound at the end, and even made some small profits.
Just now I went to YouTube to watch the "Mickey Mouse" cartoon in 80's. It's so nostalgic.
Lee Lai Shan won an Olympic golden medal in windsurfing.
His driving licence has been revoked.
The report was out in early May.
Did she give birth to a boy or a girl?
He lost his appetite for food and drank due to the court case.
Heck, this guy is incompetent, he doesn't even know the rules of the game. You're wasting your time if you play with him.
If you complete those tasks now at once, then you wouldn't have to worry about them later.
That's a really rare colour name. I don't know it at all.
I just went to the post office to ask if my package had arrived yet.
I was misled by him.
Tourists need their passports for departure generally.
Someone rewrote the story about George Washington chopping down the cherry tree into a joke.
Hey little bitch. What are you up to?
Don't swear so much in front of the kids; they might just copy you.
Don't play computer/smartphone/TV games. Let's go hiking!
There was a case of Legionnaire's disease in the ward, and then the shower water tested positive for Legionella, so the whole water supply system needed to be sterilised.
Be sure to keep in mind to/Be sure to remember to keep calm even if an accident happens.
Old Mr. Lee is so stubborn that no one can get along well with him.
He is compassionate towards small animals.
He has been learning Judo for a long time. He is now a Ten-dan master.
The kid has a bodyguard following him!
The government drip-feeds information about the lead-in-drinking-water incidents.
We sincerely invite you to come to the party of our company.
We have sharks here in the shallow water.
My mum does not like living on 14th floor because the pronunciation of 'four' is similar to that of 'die', which implies bad luck!
Hey, tall guy, help me take that thing down.
The Guangshen'gang XRL connects Hong Kong with Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
You are a bad friend of mine, always asking me to go shopping with you! I'm so broke!
Where should we go to eat? It's up to you.
My grandfather immigrated to Hong Kong before the 2nd World War.
The hall of this hotel looks magnificent.
This is not the right cable - both sides are female!
The producer has invited many extraordinary talents to the show, so its viewership is very high.
This tool is used for specific purposes.
My previous job was really chill!
This train is manufactured in the 60s.
Many people think that EAS saves them money and a year of time. But there are a few who didn't admit via EAS, but sat in HKALE and further studied abroad.
Are you blind? You almost hit me!
Catholicism and Protestantism are denominations of Christianity.
Several dates have been marked.
There's no fucking use in working hard and earning a salary!
For an instant, the man kicked the old woman down with his leg.
Throw away the empty can in the rubbish bin.
You're going to study abroad by yourself, remember to exercise self-restraint.
Our family members live in peace and harmony.
Do you want a massage for the waist?
You will have to be on bed-rest until the baby is born.
Please leave your message after the beep.
There is a traffic jam, I suggest we take a detour.
Disneyland is crowded every day.
There are many chairs in the house. Why do you sit on the floor?
USA owns the most nuclear weapons.
The audience responded with a deafening round of applause at the end of the concert.
The greater the mass of a star, the shorter its life.
The fire spread quickly via stairways to engulf the entire building and every floor was burned.
This shopping centre is the only way that many residents has to go through to go back home. There are some benefits but also some inconvenience of it.
Exercise is good for our health. Let's walk the talk!
Whenever her boyfriend buys her something, she shows it off in the office; it's so annoying.
He does everything by himself and never makes someone else to shoulder his work.
If you keep talking nonsense, I will stop paying attention to you!
He ran 5000 metres at a stretch.
She is hard to handle. You can have her!
This novel is too difficult to understand. Are you only pretending to understand it?
We should take good care of people in need.
I haven't write a blog entry for a very long time.
Are you insane? Hitting me right in the head is so painful!
I've changed my surname. My surname is not Lee now.
It's Wednesday today. School ends at two.
The duty of teaching is to cultivate the next generation of the society.
You are reckless, you spoil the important affair.
The writing style of this author is so clumsy and dull.
This report is neither thorough nor truthful. Does it intend to conceal the facts and put us off the scent?
Sheren Tang Shui-man has won the Best Actress Award twice.
Why are you so dumb, no matter how much time you spent on learning it, you failed to get the gist.
I am too dimwitted and cannot follow his train of thought.
piercing through the body of the person for three times to form six wounds is one of the punishments within Hongmen.
Relax. Our boss keeps his word. If he said he will promote you, you will be promoted.
The customer wants to refund something. Can you help?
I'm wrong, I'm bad, but could you just forgive me once?
He has been chatting on phone for an hour.
HSBC will lay off workers and reduce salary this month.
The Cross-Harbour Tunnel is heavily congested on a rainy day.
You're looking for me all of a sudden. Did something happen?
The cake is too large. Why not cut it and leave a half to eat later?
She's addicted to senseless talks and says inappropriate stuff.
Seeing you suffer, there is nothing that I could do.
The United States imposed an embargo on Cuba.
Her food is sure to win your praises.
I really can't work in this environment.
This brand's handbags are selling pretty well.
Come on. You're an adult, for god's sake. Why can't you behave like one?
He emigrated to Canada, but he recently moved back to his homeland in Hong Kong.
This information cannot be more true.
He keeps scolding people right from the moment he woke up, there must be something wrong with him.
Kids always love to eat lolipops, they could suck the candy for an hour.
Basketball players need to be at least 6 feet tall.
Eating only particular kinds of food will affect one's health.
I will give you a chance and will not haggle with you on this issue.
This company is very strict. Its staff are heavily constrained no matter what they do.
Your mum went through ten months of pregnancy to give birth to you. Be good to her!
An hour passed before he showed up, in no rush at all.
It is very common to face obstacles when doing research.
The troublemaker is finally fired. That's wonderful!
Upon entering a Japanese restaurant, the waiter will greet you with a "welcome."
Be practical when you do things. Don't be so careless and sloppy.
The government is doing urban renewal, commanding the shops on this street to relocate within ten days.
Hey, I think I've seen this place somewhere. Is this photo taken in Stanley?
There is nothing but bad food in this area. The restaurants nearby are expensive and only offer tasteless food!
He's not a kid anymore but he still acts like one.
"He has a tendency to lose interest quickly in whatever he does, which is a recipe for failure."
Electromagnetic waves can travel through vacuum, but mechanical waves like sound waves can only travel through a medium.
If children are not corrected when they do something wrong, then it will just get worse; the children will not be able to tell right from wrong.
"Char kway teow" means stir-fried hor fun.
I have been constantly recalling this matter.
The new Miss Hong Kong champion has become the currently popular personality, appearing in every newspaper.
She applies for transfer to other universities.
The U.S. suspected that Iraq had stockpiled a large number of chemical weapons in one of its northern towns.
He always buy presents for girls to please them.
This job requires one to be tolerant of harsh working conditions.
You need to dedicate your time, even on vacation, to the company.
Hurry up and clear all the things off the table, we will have our meal soon.
Be careful, that forest is frequented by boars.
Just when I turned around, she was gone.
Don't leave your ID card at home. The police may catch you when you go out.
All her friends know that she's poor with directions. They usually meet her downstairs from her home.
He's the only son of the Chans. They expect his giving birth to descendants.
His arm was hurt that he is being clumsy recently.
My husband has to go on overseas business trips frequently.
Watch out for beach rats when you go to the beach.
I am deaf, but I am not mute.
The Western medicine does not believe in bone-setting.
Many dirty men like viewing those erotic pictures of young models.
You are a newcomer, so you will be the one to deal and shuffle the cards.
He's addicted to gambling. It will be endless if you lend him money!
He does exercise in the gym every day.
Why bother coming over? You could just ring me, couldn't you?
I will sound him out on his views regarding this issue.
With this idea in mind, you submit a proposal to me next week.
What a fool, not smart at all.
I know you're in trouble now, but you have to hang on.
Smallpox has completely disappeared in this place.
What do you want to be when you graduate?
I won't put up with his shameless conduct anymore.
This social networking site is accused of censorship.
Rose, rose, I love you!
Okay you look awesome! Just get going already.
She dresses to kill.
You met a guy at a bar, then you slept with him. You've got to be kidding!
A-chung is so clumsy. It's very hard to have him perform that film sequence by himself. A-ming is much more athletic. Let's ask him to be a stunt double.
You are really stupid and stubborn like an ox-skin lantern. Everything's spelled out clearly, and you still can't get the answer.
Surrounded by the police, the suspect shot and killed himself.
If you want to save up for a down payment, you should learn some financing and stop spending money you don't have.
Once the top scorer transferred to another football club, the whole team was devastated and they did not get any champion in the whole year.
Residents in this area are mostly supporters of the pro-democracy camp.
The monitress of the class next door is divinely gorgeous.
We have carefully selected twenty classic scenes from Hong Kong films.
Fire fighters might lose their lives in fire scenes.
The domestic helper was off for only two days, but then he made the house all a hideous mess.
Let's go to the supermarket and buy some daily necessities.
I'll leave for New York tomorrow, I'll give you a call when I arrive.
I want to spend some time in the field after I retire.
Someone else did it, and then you did the same. You're being a copy cat.
His family farms for a living. He wakes up early to work the fields every day.
When do you have breakfast in the morning?
[ChatGPT]You're making me feel good, but what does that do for me? Hahaha!
Thank you so much for helping me carry these things back.
Oh no, all warrants in my portfolio were called.
This clock is not accurate enough as it runs slower.
During the break between classes, they are openly speaking ill of the teacher.
Is your boy getting into university this year?
Bros are the most important!
On the day of their silver wedding, a couple would give each other silver-made presents.
Three people are already enough. We don't need many.
Why the heck are we going to the library? Just for nothing?
After arriving, notify me about your safe arrival.
It's late at night and my brother still has not returned home. No wonder mom is worried about him.
He gets things done roughly. How can I easily hand over the job to him?
The weather is so nice that I want to go water skiing.
Let's decide by vote who the president will be.
The congee is of no taste at all. How can I eat it?
Some online media sites pay their authors part of their ad revenues as remuneration.
In this hall there are two bunk beds each room, which can accommodate four people.
This restaurant sells cheap and delicious food.
How do you connect this mobile phone to the Internet?
The beach after the tsunami is covered by corpses, it's just too horrible to look at.
I've betted a lot of money on this horse.
Some believers may recite Mantra to protect themselves from evil psychic powers.
Multi-tasking may not guarantee high efficiency.
A-chung always reads dirty books. How foul!
elcome, sir. How many people are in your party?
Some things are really what they are and cannot be explained.
I spent more than a thousand dollars just on buying clothes.
In this construction site, Mr. Chan is the most skillful one when it comes to building mortar walls with crushed stones and cement.
One should learn more crafts that can earn you a living, so that you could survive even if you got laid off. Doesn't that make perfect sense?
I won't give it to you. Bite me!
I'm upset that the Mark Six ticket disappeared.
The teacher called him out, and he hadn't the chance to sort out his thoughts.
The persistent heavy rainfall caused landslip.
The sky is getting gloomy. We'd better find somewhere to hide from the rain.
He wanders all over the world. I can't tell when he will come back to Hong Kong.
His communication skills are quite poor.
You would have a better chance to get promoted if you took part in the initial development of a newly established school.
Don't like sushi? How about Thai food? Or steak?
I can't stand it! I'm going to collapse!
Let's elect him as our class representative, shall we?
The external environment keeps changing.
She takes great care of her flowers every day.
The app is not functioning well, sometimes it can't get online.
The party's young politicians do not agree with the founders' view, and decided to go on their own ways to establish their own party.
I am not used to eating with a knife and fork.
Abortion is the same as killing. Ensure safe sex before it's too late.
Accompanied by the parents, children can watch this TV programme.
This kick is so brutal that can make one retire, I'm afraid he's got the bone broken on leg.
The computer always hangs suddenly, how am I supposed to work?
Important political persons of different countries gathered at the United Nations to hold a meeting.
English syntax is very different from Cantonese syntax. So be careful when learning.
The government is testing the water for trash metering.
He vanished after quitting his job, no one knows where he is nor how he is doing now.
There is a landfill in Tseung Kwan O, so the quality of air isn't very good.
This doctor saved my life.
The belief that women would do better without being educated should be eradicated as soon as possible.
After somebody dies you can't bring them back to life, you must accept his passing and restrain your grief.
Don't eat fermented beans. It stops lactation.
The school gave us a letter to parents, informing us that we are changing the canteen supplier next year.
Your son is so obedient and dutiful. I am really jealous.
That rising political star is quite handsome, so I bet he has a lot of wealthy women sponsoring him.
You really trust them? Those politicians are used to making easy promises as if eating lettuce!
Are you still using kerosene stoves? Aren't you afraid of any dangers?
Just take it and worry later.
There are many different costumes and adornment for sale.
After rolling and rubbing the dough, it has to be settled down and be fermented, it would then be larger and we could bake it in the oven.
(in New Territories) We are going to Hong Kong Island today.
Your kitchen has no cooking utensils. Let's just order take-away.
You should not be so stubborn and argue with your mum every time.
This book is considered a monumental work.
The money is left for caring for myself when I am old.
His career is at a low ebb.
The students questions the Education Bureau that cancelling the test questions is to create trouble on purpose and without any good reason.
This pool is too deep for swimmingmy feet can't touch the bottom.
How careless you are! You already put on your glasses but you are still looking for them without noticing that.
It's so bothersome to cook on Sunday. Why don't we eat out?
A told B: "I love you." Bystander: " 'Drunk means a thirty percent sober', he should really fall in love with you."
The clickbait headline "stunning seven million people" is obsolete!
Indeed you need to remove your clothes completely when you take a bath!
He said he saw somebody in the store room, but I think it's just his illusion.
She cries at the smallest things, so she cannot watch love stories.
I can record the time you need to run 100 meters.
Those Chinese names were translated according to Cantonese pronunciation.
The team missed a goal in the game, letting the opponent take the lead.
Just thinning, don't cut my hair too short.
I'm so tired! I just walked up four flights of stairs.
When the bill arrived I discovered I only had $20 in my pockets, so Ming treated me dinner that time. I feel so embarrassed.
We are going to the adverts now, and will continue when we're back.
The runway has an aeroplane.
You always do these smuggling businesses; just find something legal and good things to do for god's sake.
Stop being wayward. You can't do whatever you want. Have you ever thought about the consequence?
Her daughter has just learn to use a sewing machine, and out of carelessness, has a needle through her index finger now.
She is a big fan of trains, having collected lots of train figures in her house.
Only members are allowed to enter this area.
The main function of annuity is to provide a reliable income source for the investor.
He passed away without having any words.
If one made a mistake in buying the single ride ticket, one must visit the service counter to make up the extra fee.
Bullshit! Of course it's my mother who gave birth to me.
Ah-Ming makes pioneering achievements and people respect him.
He failed the exam and felt he had let his parents down.
The profits in this bazaar will be subtracted by the costs, then the remaining amount will be donated to the needy.
Stock prices have surged recently, so I'm making money without even lifting a finger!
Many women feel nauseous during the first few months of pregnancy.
Were you born in Hong Kong?
Since he lost his dishwasher job, he's been living on government allowance.
In this company, I have one hundred subordinate staff.
We are all learned; we can reason.
The government arranged a chartered flight to take the stranded Hong Kong residents.
It looks like rain, let's go home as soon as possible.
He loves gardening, so he always plants flowers in his garden.
I go to the Union Plaza for dim sum, but there are fewer and fewer of my friends: Some have moved away, and some have settled in China. The faces have all changedHong Kong is no longer like before.
This job is well-paid. Everybody wants to apply to it.
I have an angry ugly housewife.
Remember to buy us souvenirs when you travel to Japan!
My heart skipped a beat when the stock market went busted.
I don't like drinking beer, because it's bitter and fizzy.
Hong Kong Government established ICAC in 1974 to fight against corruption.
I live with my husband's mother, and we get along well.
Last night while playing the game, I got stuck for an hour without progress. How disheartening!
I swear: If I vote for him, I'll get struck by lightning!
Since he got involved in illegal business, I have kept a distance with him.
Unfold the vegetable please, or they will decay by the humidity
What's wrong with you? You face and lips are so pale.
The boss who only talks the talk but not walks the walk cannot win the support from his employees.
You're going to end up an ugly housewife if you keep staying at home like that.
We must defend our home with all our might against foreign enemies!
So you think you are gonna win the competition? That is such a false hope you have.
They're walking along but so far apart. Others must think that they don't know each other.
Despite coercion and induction, we still never yield in.
Remember to keep everything clean when doing peritoneal dialysis, or else you may easily get peritonitis.
Watch yourself. Don't touch the power cables.
He found someone to get the accounting done for me.
Alex is a smart guy. I trust him.
The renovation of the canteen is still in progress. Customers have to dine outdoors.
Walking a dog is often to be seen, but how about "walking a turtle"?
The new born baby can't eat solid food right now.
I've played football for over twenty years, it is time to retire.
They are kissing, aren't they intimate with each other?
You have rushed around all day. Why don't you take a rest?
This Cantonese Opera star contributed a lot to the industry in his life. All the practitioners feel their sympathies for his passing away.
Due to the dreadful weather, the school picnic has to be postponed.
We are in a hurry! Quicken your pace!
There is a recreation space at the atrium in the Blue House Cluster for people to take a rest.
He controls the entire police force, he can do whatever he wants and can arrest anyone as he wish.
I tried to call her this morning, but I couldn't get through.
The texture of this fabric feels nice.
Because of the Premier's death from an illness, the entire country flew its flags at half-mast.
What evidence does he have against you?
Passengers, please finish the boarding procedures at the airline's counter.
The hill is low. It only takes an hour to walk to the summit.
Let's gather later!
Now I don't care too much. Let it be.
If you want to change the tyres, you have to lift up the car first.
We all agreed to each invest one hundred thousand dollars into this project. You aren't backing out are you?
Don't always play computer games, try enrolling in learning courses and upgrade yourself.
He lives a glamorous nightlife
The chicken's heart shaped persimmon originated in China.
I'm suffering from menstrual pain. I want a hot water bottle for pain relief.
Already seventy, he is still vibrant.
I went to Sri Lanka last month, I followed a local guide, and I had a lot of great food.
Going Dutch is a relatively fair system.
Since when did you become so mature?
Looking at his irritated face, you should've understood that you said something wrong.
I spent a lot of money today - I bought myself a new handbag, a dress, a pair of shoes and a watch.
Hong Kong is a prosperous society.
Fans scrambled for a photo with their idol.
It's quite late already. Shall I see you home?
The girl can ride bareback.
The corners of your mouth are always crusting. Do you need to apply something?
These are words from the bottom of my heart. I can't believe you don't trust it.
He is a young singer with great potential.
Parents should not put too much pressure on their children.
Congratulations, Mrs. Wong, you're 8 weeks pregnant.
There are many tailor-made products to tackle mould.
Part of the expenditure of this child care centre is subsidised by the government.
The star signs autographs at this place.
I finally passed my exams.
He's like an idiot. He couldn't understand why I am saying no matter how many times I explained to him.
The monitor recorded the student numbers of the classmates on the blackboard.
You'd better check his background - I heard that he's spent a couple of years in prison.
May Principal and teachers please leave first.
What is the current price of the stock that you bought last year?
It's on average $3000 per square foot.
The upper stream of the Yellow River is in the Inner Mongolia.
You're so weird! You just said that you don't like that thing. But after you left, you want to buy it!
It is impossible to go out without a phone.
There are over 40 Cantonese operas that were debuted by Mr. Lam Ka Sing.
You have been staring at the girl for a long time so eagerly. You adore her, don't you?
Don't lose heart, there are still plenty opportunities to succeed.
Far from home alone, I feel more lonely during festivals.
"What's the matter? Is the TV too loud?" "No, it's not that. I've been feeling unwell since this morning."
That rapist was finally arrested. Everyone is happy with this.
Is it necessary for a funeral suit to be plain white?
To save money, I only have bread at lunch.
He said something politically incorrect online, and the company fired him without issuing a warning letter.
She had a mental collapse once she brought up her family.
The walnut cookies sold in supermarkets are not made in HK.
You need to get rid of those bad habits.
They nearly started a fight all because of the girl.
A kilogram is roughly 2.2 pounds.
I will lose all the commission if I leave now. Of course I won't resign in any case.
Those whose identity card number begins with an X were born in mainland China.
How many times was typhoon signal number 10 hoisted in Hong Kong in the past?
It is an achievement that this shop can survive in such a quiet location.
Every school in Hong Kong has a myth of being on a mass grave.
Many people think that the war will slow down the economic recovery in Hong Kong.
We can enjoy many delicacies by simply attending a banquet.
Xibe people in Xinjiang is the last successor of Manchu language.
Don't be afraid, you definitely have our full support!
[ChatGPT]The name and date of the deceased should be written on the recommendation bag.
Hey! Stop pointing your finger to me!
Now my children have grown up, I am free of worries.
It's Siu Syu already; time to eat watermelon.
While tomb sweeping, Little Jok burnt some paper money and candle for Uncle Jok.
A-chung messed with that beehive saying that he wants to steal some honey. He ended up being stung so heavily that his face is all swollen.
Mum is good at making the Chinese steamed eggs very smooth.
but some people like to talk randomly day and night, totally wasting their time.
The weather is abnormal these days. We need to take good care of ourselves.
You always have this harsh look. Who dares to speak to you.
You left the whole table of food not eaten, it is so wasteful that you should beware of suffering from divine retribution.
I'm going on a date with him tomorrow. I'm so nervous now!
He always keeps his thoughts deep in his mind and would not tell others.
In this episode, we will have an in-depth analysis of the reasons why Hong Kong becomes an international financial centre.
They finally made up with each other.
In modern times, we have convenient tools like the computer.
Relax, nothing can be done in one step.
If you can't hold it with chopsticks, then use a spoon.
He handles all the household chores, no matter how big or small.
I am bursting for a pee. Can you look after the stuff for me?
His daughter has a round face. She's so cute!
The spot on your face is very eye-catching.
Insect damage breaks out after two months; crops face a threat again.
You can't just leave work whenever you want!
This district floods when typhoons and heavy rain hit.
Our team will qualify for the next round of the competition if we win one more game.
If you want to work in this company, you first need to possess a bachelor's degree. Then, you need to pass the interview and internship.
This player can keep the ball very closely to his feet while dribbling, brilliant.
Users must complete real-name registration for their SIM cards.
I rashly promised to translate a few articles for him. He now asks me for it every day...
There is a maniac showing his genitalia to young girls in the park.
Eating these chemical-laden food is no good for you! It's carcinogenic!
You greedy eater, nothing can cheer you up like eating do.
It would be the best to have a cup of tea for pleasure after lunch.
His speech is empty and his words are long-winded.
The doctor said you can be discharged after resting for a day.
He has power and forces. Don't argue with him!
Relying on raising taxes as the only way to boost revenue may result in events turning out contrary to expectations.
You will be a permanent staff from next month.
Hey it hurts! Why are you pinching me?
The whole industry is struggling with contraction of demand.
What he did is just to test your tolerance.
Nowadays, job titles are so inflated that many become managers shortly after graduation.
In the old days when raising birds was a trend, all the the bird breeders would bring their birds with cages to the tea house. How lively it is!
When are you going to visit your grandpa's grave?
At times of trouble or difficulty, the true character of the man shows up.
When I think about the past, it's really hard to face it.
The thing I introduce to you must be certainly good.
He is a strange man that he always does something odd and wicked.
In the government's fire safety ads those days, people were advised to use a pointed high-heel to break the glass and press the alarm switch. Maybe because of increasing complaints in recent years, they have taught people to use keys to break the glass instead.
This person changes jobs a bit too often, are you sure you want to hire him?
If I had known that it's cold today, I would wear a thermal underwear before going out.
Many artists are communicating in the gallery.
International schools have different class arrangements from traditional schools: they start a year earlier.
A number of people were guarding the building against intruders.
He got dumped and started seeing you soon after. He's clearly treating you as a mere backup.
The service of this bowling alley is poor.
Not only have the pharmacists a profound knowledge in medicine, but they can also help you diagnose the disease.
Do not dwell solely on the bad, we may very well be surprised!
He has nurtured the habit of saving since childhood.
Why would you ride the roller coaster? You could get a heart attack!
Your blood sugar is quite high; you should beware of your eating habits.
Some say girls from co-educational schools are more straightforward than those from girls' schools.
The capacitor of the motherboard from your computer has burnt out, and that is why the computer could not be turned on.
Yo had already broken up with your ex for a whole year, why you still not dating another one ?
The mountains ahead appear indistinctly in the heavy fog.
All SARS patients should be transferred to isolation wards.
[ChatGPT]He was caught for corruption by his political enemies and had no way to resist when they seized his belongings.
Why do you put gluten chicken in the fried rice? They do not match!
He skipped town and left his family with a huge sum of gamble debt, what a doombringer to his family.
Can you help unzip the zipper?
She's very dull and her face is always expressionless.
You say he's handsome but he's so ugly  you must be blind!
Extra digits can come in various forms. Some are Y-shaped, some are similar sized as the other digits, while some look like an extra bit of flesh.
He is endorsing this brand of shampoo.
A circus will always have a flying trapeze.
He was born and raised in a wealthy family.
You are not allowed to pick up passengers on double yellow lines.
Her girlfriend is so pretty, really pretty!
Although he is the boss, he is very easy-going.
People in Hong Kong are affected and touched by their kind acts.
He is not coming back to the world of living; there is no need to burden yourself with sorrow.
Brag all you can, why don't you commit to your words?
Have you finished your semester? Let's have a meal!
Reading helps promote the proficiency of writing a lot.
A construction worker got hurt by an iron rod and was sent to the hospital today.
I have already spent my salary so I can hardly afford any food. I have no way but to eat bread as my meal.
The entire island is solely a prison.
Her face looks rosy and bright. Beauty does lie in youth.
The elderly wish to have someone accompany them.
The dealer call all the retailers to get their meth.
The only furniture I have is the dining table.
When an occasion of happiness collide with and occasion of sadness, it will bring bad luck.
Her score is way ahead of the others. She will certainly be the champion.
Just drop me off over there.
He has a great physique, but it's a pity he is cross-eyed!
Mark down on your phone quickly.
My girl, the clothes you wear are sloppy and you're not even trying to tidy up at all, how come there will be boys who like you?
This reform will involve many departments.
He has bread-fed his family since his graduation from primary school.
Half the class got a C+  this is what you call having good grades?
There were at least twenty tables in the baby's one-month-old party. She was passed around like a human ball.
Please take a good rest and don't think too much.
When I came at the entrance, I already saw people there. I think it's because of the opening of the new shop.
It's a big trial that wears the 6-inches high heel to dance.
In order to please his boss, he stays at the company over time every night.
Carry on, you don't need to bother about me.
My hands are full. Can you do me a favour and help me put my wallet in your bag for now?
These useless things occupy so much space. I don't need it even someone give me for free.
It takes 10 minutes straight to the West Rail station by taking MTR bus.
Crane games are not that easy, okay? Skills matter!
Having a rich father as your backup, you don't have to worry about losing money as you learn to do business.
This company has one thousand employees.
When I was small, I dreamt of sitting on the red palanquin in the wedding of myself and my future husband.
Please open the box for me.
The whole world thought he was a genius, but in fact he was just a con man.
A-chung went to visit prostitutes. Now he had contracted STD.
I've prepared just enough food for myself only.
Since this telecom operator offers discounts for friends, my girlfriend and I switch our mobile phones to it together.
He has a high status in the football world.
The wardrobe is not placed on hand.
I don't care whether it's useful or not. It's a bargain, and obviously I should buy it immediately no matter what.
May things happen according to your desire!
This area can accommodate a maximum of twenty-thousand people.
Hey you two, stop fighting!
Let's have a barbecue this Saturday!
It is a serious crime to employ illegal workers.
I always believe you most.
If the law don't have a clear definition, there will be a loophole that can be used.
"Endorse and support anti-right anti-correctionism war path"
Postmen collect letters from postboxes several times a day.
These animals are all without a home. Poor things!
He doesn't take his responsibility, so he can't keep every job for a long time.
Some pee came out when I was riding the roller coaster.
This lock can prevent children to open easily.
I have been very unlucky recently and that makes me so frustrated.
Each person is allowed to carry one piece of baggage only.
Uncle Man picked up the cigarette with his right hand and just threw it onto the floor.
I don't understand why Pi-luo-chun would become that popular. Its taste is awful.
His net worth can buy up the whole Hong Kong 3 times.
She was suspected of illegally selling merchandise on Kweilin Street.
May Chairperson sing a song or two impromptu for us.
To be frank, I am still kind of peckish.
With the 70000 dollars that he painstakingly saved, plus the 6.45M dollars given by his father, he finally managed to buy his first apartment.
Be careful, he may give you something tricky to handle.
This passage describes how an orphan grew up.
Good guys are afraid of bad guys, bad guys are afraid of bitches.
This medicine is available in many shops in Hong Kong.
The length of a full marathon is more than 42 kilometres.
This circus troupe is popular.
When it comes to food, packaging is less important; taste is what matters.
The nerd A-Chung has a statue of Scarlett Johansson at his home.
Hey, you bumped into me! Don't know how to say sorry?
Seeing that his dog is about to attack the passers-by, the owner immediately stops it.
[ChatGPT]"Today, Typhoon Signal No. 8 is in effect, so many people are staying home and playing mahjong with their friends."
Every day that old woman carries a bunch of useless metal product to sell with great effort.
You sleep late every day. As time passes, your health will be affected.
Boss treats us to dinner tonight. Are you coming?
You should step away from others' business in case they mistake us for being up to something later.
Look at his powerful stance, you cannot win a fight against him.
I'm so stupid. How can I defeat that calculating, astute guy?
[ChatGPT]He's indecisive, like a hen that can't lay eggs or poop.
The secretary is expected to deal with a wide range of everyday tasks.
Thousands of troops have massed along the border in preparation for an invasion.
Many kids already cry before they ride on a horse.
This is the confirmed amount and no service charge will be collected by then, right?
The widow is suing the police force for compensation.
I was surrounded by others, and found it hard to breathe.
I usually go to school by East Rail line.
How come you are that rude, you draw up your legs the moment once you sit down.
When will your woman come home to cook for you?
Our shoe store always has returning customers coming in to support us.
Use the same format for those files.
On Tin Hau's birthday, there are sounds of gongs and drums, dragon dance, and lion dance in many places.
"The Old Man and the Sea" is one of the world's famous written works.
This court case is hard to win and tricky.
The police placed a million dollar bounty on that fugitive's head, he must be a most-wanted.
I was pinched by a crab on the beach.
There are obvious tyre marks on the road.
Add diagrams or graphs into the report will make it better.
The child is too fat. He should not eat outside regular meals.
The company refused to admit their fault even though there was plenty of evidence against them.
Losing the rule of law does not necessarily mean we would lose Hong Kong.
I won't admit my defeat until the last moment.
Her face has been made very dirty by painting.
Express all the emotion, that is really "the real you".
The books set me back a whole $3000.
They keep whispering during the lesson.
Lilies are toxic to cats.
Thinking back, if you had listened to me, everything would have turned out fine.
The spaceship landing on the moon was a magnificent feat.
Your university is the most inaccessible. There's no bus or subway service.
I've run 20 km today, almost deadly exhausted.
The book is supposed to be out today, but I work in a bookstore, so I 'jumped the gun' and read it on the previous night.
You have misunderstood what he said.
He just got a bruise on his knee. It is such a trivial matter to take to the hospital!
A plague took place in that district. Residents paraded with the stale of Che Kung in the district.
I need a calculator right now for mathematics exam.
I lost so much to them last time, so this time I am going to fight them to the last penny.
You can handle these trifles alone!
There are many things in my home. It will be wonderful if I have a store room.
After the corrupt official was imprisoned by the government, his family property was also confiscated.
Corporations are under no obligation to respond to press speculation or market rumours.
In nature it's either kill or be killed. It's a cruel world.
You are already a grown-up! You should stand on your own feet now.
The child is naughty, though, he's really clever.
She employed a servant to take care of her mother.
Don't be so hesitant and indecisive, be good and go to school.
Diamond is the hardest natural material.
"Dangerous drug" is only a general term, actually referring to ten different types of drugs.
According to statistics, blue is the favourite colour among females.
We can't change anything even if we speak up, because a poor man's tale cannot be heard.
There are many ancient books in the library.
I am called upon this just before the deadline, I wouldn't be able to handle it even if I had three heads and six arms.
He listens to music when he is free.
"Ah Tin and Alice is getting married next month."  "What?!?!?! Are you kidding me?"
The orphanage head treats every child there as hers and raises them wholeheartedly.
Once you have arrived, remember to write a letter to us to let us know you're safe.
He is very reserved, expressing his thoughts so rarely.
Only loyal customers are allowed to enter the gambling den.
The herbal medicine needs to decoct twice!
Keep a close eye on the stove when you cook. Don't burn the congee.
He enjoys being single.
I told you already not to trust this person that much. See? You now go wrong.
He is being so hesitant that he still has not decided what to eat after half an hour.
The nappy is soaked wet. Change the nappy now!
These volumes are distinct stories, and are unrelated to each other. You don't have to read them in any particular order.
My formal job title is event assistant, but most of the time I'm really just fooling around and pouring people drinks.
Just follow the plan and put all the display boards in the right positions, then it'll be ok.
She knows how to take care of herself, who still looks very young even at 60 years old.
Crowds are everywhere at festivals.
This teacher teaches history.
It is a new year and everything starts anew.
My department head is a dog in the manger.
Why do you look like a bag of bones? Been fasting much?
It's easy for the only child of a family to be spoiled by the parents.
The distributor has replenished their stock. If you want it, you should make an order now.
You can leave first. I still need to stay behind and handle the remaining problem.
How many stops/stations are there from here to the museum?
Western-style fried rice, Yeung Chow fried rice, Hokkien fried rice, there are so many different kinds of fried rice. I can't distinguish them.
Shit. My phone battery drains and I forgot to bring my power bank!
Their conversation revolves around academics
He realised that he can't study chiropractic in Hong Kong, so he went to the US for it.
After being a believer in Christianity for twenty years, she was determined to leave the religion.
The gangsta caught the kid and made him a hostage.
The Chinese restaurant adopts an antique style that it recruits staff to carry dim sum trolleys.
The last word of every line of this poem rhymes.
This music concert is desolate, with just a few audience.
She hopped into a cab right after she got off from a bus at the Western Harbour Tunnel, seems like she is really in a hurry.
After killing a person, the cut-throat even dismembered the body.
Her husband has just passed away, I fear that she is unable to accept it and will commit suicide.
All unauthorized recording are prohibited inside the theatre.
The Airbus A380 is the passenger aircraft with the highest capacity in the world.
Although this is very difficult, as long as we are persistent, we can make it.
That guy is as tall as a cedar.
know the hows but not the whys
Property prices keep falling. I will give up buying that apartment and surrender the deposit.
Through the exchange, students from both places reach a deeper understanding.
Do I look very old? Why calling me uncle!
Brother, why do not you bring your girlfriend back?
The light is so bright. How can I sleep with that on?
We were so tired when we were half-way up the mountain, and were so exhausted to ascend any further.
It is better not to play "the pen fairy" without concern that it is really dangerous.
Whipping an egg is a basic cooking skill.
There are about 100 licensed pilots in Hong Kong to handle about 4500 ship movements per month.
Has your coach scolded you again?
The freezer seems to be out of order; it fails to make ice over half the day, and the ice cream has all melted too.
Her favourite colour is white.
During the SARS crisis, many shops ran a slack business, without any business.
Some brands of coffee taste really bitter.
It was so terrifying that the snake head could bite after decapitation.
His homework was eaten by a dog, and cannot be recovered no matter how loud he swore.
Special local products are the best souvenirs to be bought when you are travelling.
Waking up early and doing exercise not only benefits the health but also helps build up willpower.
You have lived in the hospital for so long. You have to step over the "fire basin" before you get inside your home.
This homework is very simple. A piece of cake.
A Chinese elderly tried to defraud a Japanese driver of 5000 yuan by staging a car accident in Kyoto.
This intern is a quick learner.
to hunt for survivors in the rubble
If people who break the law can escape from punishment, is there still justice in the world?
Today a grand party will be held.
He has made so many mistakes that even his boss wouldn't dare to speak up for him.
Public transport operators should provide barrier-free facilities, so as to enable more people with disabilities to use public transport and integrate into society.
The tenancy is going to expire, it is time to extend our tenancy again!
I seem to have seen this drawing before, where did you buy it?
I was scold by someone directly.
She has been married for ten years but still hasn't got a child, so she adopted one.
She is only 160cm tall but packs a pair of F cup, how can she not be a perfect shortstack?
I got an electric shock when I touched the switch.
Don't buy me a cake for my birthday. I don't actually like cakes. They are too sweet.
This incompetent doctor has cheated dozens of people over a year.
I accidentally shredded some documents. This time I'm really in big trouble!
What is the number of your flight?
At this time the cleaning lady should be coming to vacuum.
This shop offers a complete selection of goods.
The protesters clashed with the police outside the embassy.
Tokyo will host the 2020 Olympics.
Everyone stood agape after hearing the news. No one knew how they should react.
How can you go to others' house bare hand?
You just got your salary and you say you're broke? Have you spent all of it to lay grass again?
The councilor, upon his election, thanked his demographic for their support in the election.
The vacant land in front of the house will become a shopping arcade.
Hey you. Finish everything for me, okay?
The prison camp is to immure prisoners of war.
It's so cold. Let's go have hotpot tonight!
You've spent a huge fortune, and you don't care about those few bucks, do you?
The bill has died prematurely due to overwhelming opposition from citizens.
I will admit, she is quite a looker, but it is all rotten inside.
This office is divided into three departments.
After deducting the necessary expenses, the net income will be donated to charity organizations.
Do you want to add sesame seed to the rice noodle rolls?
Beijing and HKSAR are looking into reducing the number of individual visitors from mainland China, and there seems to be some progress.
He was the hero who led us to victory in the game.
Ah, naughty you, stop flirting with me.
The next has just be seated when I made my order, now that they are in the middle of their meal and my food has yet to be on my table, isn't it those who come last get served first?
This bookshelf is quite sturdy.
Don't step on the carpet with your shoes. It's a Persian carpet.
Every time I check my bank account, I feel  distressed.
I went to the urology clinic yesterday. The doctor did a rectal exam, said my prostate was a bit large, and that further tests were needed.
I can't sleep thanks to our rowdy neighbours. I've filed several complaints but nothing changes.
People lived in affluence in the period of this king's rule.
You can win 1st prize in Mark Six, in your dream!
The affairs between a couple should not be meddled by outsiders.
They've called off tomorrow's meeting.
There are lemon tea in packs of 9.
Only a very small number of people can afford to pay those prices.
Look, there is still a lot of dust at the dark corner in the room, sweep it away!
From which primary school did you graduate?
The cloud is so thick that it blocks the sunlight today.
Opens every day, except the lunar new year.
One can just prepare a Korean troops pot himself.
Sleep early! You need to go to work tomorrow.
That murderer has been pursued by the police for seven years and was eventually caught in customs.
Pay more attention and work harder, I know you can make it!
She's very concerned about her mobile phone.
I won't forget this incident for my whole life.
Her tears are her biggest weapon.
He defamed the school simply because it didn't admit him.
Their wedding was very low-key, fewer than thirty people attended.
Our company has to recruit a thousand staff in the coming financial year.
He was stabbed in the back.
He has been unemployed for a month.
Of course we're taking the plane to travel to foreign countries. Who would consider going by ship?
I am but a hapless grocer.
Brass gives a heavier feel in the hands and has a better texture.
Talking about his idol, Siu-Ming talks incessantly.
Do remember to purchase travel insurance when you go on a trip!
There are no more white tiles out there. Why are you waiting for it to complete your hand?
The car was parked here just for a while and it's already covered with bird droppings.
You should go rather than me.
We have to tidy up our house this afternoon. Otherwise it will be embarassing if our visitors found out our house is a mess.
Only few Shanghainese dry goods stores are left in Hong Kong.
He has been living here for 50 years. He knows this place well.
Recently I'm following a big deal, really work like a clog, non-stop every day.
I took my mobile phone apart to see what was wrong with it.
I hate this monotonous and mechanical way of life.
It is normal for us to have different points of view.
She hopes she'll do well enough on her university entrance exams to get in.
I like orange flavored jelly the most.
He absolutely won't say no if we ask him for help.
The leader is raised by the Communists to be their puppet.
He is coughing for bit, better have congee for dinner tonight.
To come out and be a big criminal can be fatal , are you prepared for this ?
The principle of any sovereignty resides essentially in the Nation.
Salt dissolves quickly in water.
Are you planning to wait downstairs for her to go out?
He's attentive, talented, handsome, etc., of course he'd be popular.
He washes the dishes so often that his hand has blisters all over.
It is very likely that human factors are involved in this fire.
The judge considers the testimony in court untrustworthy.
You've checked for a couple of times already.
Did you two have any children?
The toilet reeks of urine! Can you pee more accurately please?
[ChatGPT]If he keeps managing like this, many people will die.
There are many loan shark underlings in casinos.
It's nice to have a picnic under the clear sky.
Some electric rice cookers can be used for baking cakes.
I haven't worn a watch since having a mobile phone.
To him, I think his career is more important than me.
The opponents are really strong in this match.
Noise would annoy people, and thus their quality of sleep is affected.
Press firmly on the wound to stop the bleeding.
The factory has to raise its productivity to stand out.
This article is to analyze briefly the contemporary significance of post-1997 pop songs in Hong Kong.
School is a place to for people to imbibe knowledge, not for you to mess around.
Planting potted plant can contribute to one's peace of mind or inner tranquility.
An open secret is no longer a secret!
Her explanation is unreasonable and not self-explanatory.
If we don't do it now, do we wait until we grow old?
This antique has passed through many hands and it comes back to me.
I hope my eldest son would start looking for a job soon and help with the family income.
Don't blame Ka-ming anymore. In your days, didn't you behave impetuously without a second thought?
I contracted pneumonia and need to quarantine for 14 days.
His final shot was an air ball. He failed to come back.
The performance was very successful! The audiences are clapping on their feet!
To compete for the Miss Hong Kong Pageant, one must possess both beauty and wisdom.
We sit under the tree to take a rest and cool down a bit.
Upon hearing this thrilling news, I am speechless.
The guard dog is so furious, it barks whenever someone goes near.
It would be great if I could drink some wine and listen to some music every night.
Switzerland is the neutral state with the longest history in the world.
When he arrives, we can have a chat about this matter.
I pressed the wrong button and ended the previous call by mistake.
The misprint in his article is really countless.
Great Hall of the People has a tremendous momentum.
His son is missing. That's why he's worried.
Someone reported that an official has embezzled public funds.
Villagers built this square in the name of their village.
A unique property of rubber is its capacity for electrical insulation.
The work will be on hold until its next stage of production.
If the scoliosis is too severe, an operation is needed to correct its position.
The cuttlefish spray its sepia all over me.
Tony Leung's eye expression is too sexy to handle.
Hongkongers are seeing that their living space gradually filled up by Chinese immigrants, thus outraged.
After the reorganisation of the company, I was kicked out.
Today's work has been completed without incident.
We haven't arranged anything beforehand, we just ran into each other by coincidence.
I spend lots of time every day spelling words.
[ChatGPT]Our company currently doesn't have a suitable vacancy for you, and if we make you start from the bottom, it would be too unfair to you.
Pump some water out of the fish tank please.
After successive years of drought, the fields and gardens waned.
This new generation's view on love just blew my mind.
The building outside is fuming with smoke. Is it on fire?
Have all the goods been unloaded from the truck? The driver has another round to go.
The server has no more slots for expansion card.
We shall team as a pair and win the doubles championship.
We want to train you to be a manager.
You have done so many bad things but you act as if nothing has happened. Do you have any sense of shame?
Siu-mei couldn't eat after she knows that the company is going to reduce headcount.
Every one has his or her own interest.
Worshippers please do not bring large incense sticks and candles. A lit thread incense stick is enough to express your sincerity.
There is a large loophole in this law.
Who knew there'd be dim sum at HKUST [HK Univ. of Science and Tech.]! I would SO never have known without hearing about it from someone.
Closed as the owner is off for marriage ceremony.
This line of mine is quoted from Marx's Capital.
He won't take this part-time job if he has quite a sum of money.
She was an erotic film actress when she was young, and later became a politician.
A headhunting company is one company that seeks talented individuals.
An honorary doctorate degree was conferred on him by the university.
I wonder after a decade how this city will become.
Farmers periodically need to spray the crops with insecticide.
I remember my teacher's words as if he has said it just now.
How could he make something so ugly?
Smoking will pose a threat to a patient's health.
The police's questions made me hesitant in speaking. I didn't know how to answer at all.
That fat guy over there has diabetes.
The content of his articles always follow others without his own opinions.
This license plate with the number 1 belongs to the commissioner of police.
Remember to turn the volume down at midnight.
She is the prettiest girl here.
That machine is totally out of order. No one can fix it.
Your poor life today is solely caused by yourself.
I would like a cup of Ribena with lemon.
I don't want to see this anymore.
I have won a lottery for two tickets to a charity boxing match. Are you interested?
The school released a notice to parents.
Mum teaches me not to strike up a conversation with a stranger on street.
Joining this tour group has put myself in distress.
Let me offer my seat to this old man.
He must be a bad call, ignoring that obvious handball.
My long-cherished goal is to travel once around the world.
My boss always asks us to do meaningless things.
I go to school by bus every day.
Many need a cigarette after having sex.
If the government intends to distribute consumption vouchers, the citizens will certainly be glad to see it happen.
How often do both of them meet?
The couple is very hospitable. They invite friends to visit very often.
Ah Yuen isn't very attractive and popular with the ladies.
Why is the TV set full of noise?
My father is on a business trip in the States. I'm afraid he won't be able to attend your birthday banquet.
Stop flooding my wall with ugly photos!
Parents should set themselves as good examples to their children.
The banquet starts at eight tonight, don't be late!
He has nasal allergy for 30 years, but he has just recently discovered that the chief cause is pollen.
This debate has been going on for a long time, and the two sides have exhausted their points.
This is John's third championship he has ever won.
The tail of the little cock is crooked. (from a children's song)
He discovered his passport was overdue just before he was about to leave.
Just let bygones be bygones. Let's be friends again.
I was touched by his sincerity.
You can try to save $3000 a month from now on, so that you can afford the down payment after 30 years.
These flowers will bloom all through the summer.
Whether he's married or not has nothing to do with you. Don't be so nosy.
It's time to leave work, let's finish it off quickly.
Fresh blood can attract sharks nearby.
The headband is too small. It hurts behind my ears when I put it on.
Students who do not have enough attendance will not be promoted to the next grade.
He is always applying pressure on me by mentioning the boss.
I'm crossing my fingers for his/her safe return.
After this event, I got to know a lot of people.
The happiest thing for the elderly is to have many children and grandchildren around.
The government hopes to promote mother-tongue teaching.
Every question of the lawyer is so sharp, it's obvious that he wants to find faults and prove the suspect guilty.
This celebrity publicly criticized the taxi driver for giving change 70 cents short. What a cheapskate!
Another day has gone, and I did nothing.
He fails in everything he does. You shouldn't be too close to him.
His clothes today are so funny, that gaudy and showy colours make him look like a clown.
Do you have many gay friends?
When typhoon comes, Lei Yue Mun becomes flooded.
Hong Kong's economy is no longer mainly based on agriculture or industry.
Ming led in front and we followed on behind.
Compiling a Cantonese dictionary is an arduous job.
I hired an accountant to keep the books for me.
I will go to the vet to castrate my cat tomorrow.
Government officials will hold a press conference later today, to give everyone an explanation.
Delegating the power is one way for management.
Oh, look at the lovebirds!
He's a bastard, he took my virginity and broke up with me right afterwards.
Which is better, sake or Shuang Jin, do you think?
I will help you again just because of our friendship.
I am not at my best at night.
That professor, whatever his name is, is so damn boring. It's no wonder no one is taking his course.
There are some funny videos online of stand-uppers during typhoons.
Prohibiting workers from going to toilet while they are on duty is neglecting their rights and interests!
This news has been widely spread.
Maybe he's not used to Western food, huh?
Our centre is going to organise different kinds of Summer holiday activities.
Sleeping for eight hours a day spends you one third of your life.
Draw an oblique line in the box.
I need to wake up in the early morning for school.
In ball sports players will inevitably collide with each other.
We have no time to prepare, just take things as they come.
Let us share this piece of egg roll equally!
I've travelled to many different places, and at the end of the day this is the most beautiful place.
Today is so hot. Touching a cold bottle of water against the face is really so refreshing.
If you sweat more, the fever will go down.
We have discovered an unidentified flying object.
I heard that Uncle Chan died last month because of lung cancer.
He is the shortest, so he queues in the front.
Mr. Tse earns less than his wife and was ridiculed for sponging off her. It must be rough for him.
This activity allows online application only.
The goalie saw through the other team's strategy during the penalty kick, helping their team win the game.
I don't know this incident quite well.
Ling is enjoying the air conditioning at the mall.
He has long been a public icon since secondary school, many female junior schoolmates keep sending him love letters and gifts.
Daughter, when are we going to visit our grandpa's grave?
This actress is really popular lately and has a really tight schedule.
When you have time, you should pick away all the weeds in the garden.
I would like to reserve a table for the buffet on Monday.
That murderer appeared in court to be tried today.
He looks very unfashionable in that shirt!
Is it just me or does this actor look vaguely familiar?
Nobody knows who will succeed in the competition.
Don't be like that or I wouldn't know what to do.
I believe that many people are curious about what curators do.
There is a large chance that he'll feel hurt if you said that.
My heart is full of pain that cannot be described in words.
To maximise the performance of this car, only change the gear when the engine hits 11000 rpm.
Don't dream of winning the Mark Six. Be practical, get yourself a job.
The density of pure water is 1000 kg / m.
Tonight I'll get off work late, you need not prepare dinner for me.
I have a really busy job; I don't have much chance to meet friends.
He is a master sportsman. He is good at every sports, such as football and swimming.
His breaths become short and rapid. He might be suffering from an asthma attack.
I'll stay overnight at my classmate's home; I'm not going home to sleep tonight.
He believed that the role of the HR department was to help staff make good use of their talent, so as to push forward organisational development.
I think it is going to rain tomorrow.
Once the water boils, add three pieces of pork bone.
That was the first time for humans to land on the moon throughout history.
The concert tickets sold very well and they were sold out very fast.
I don't even know a single question in today's exam. I must fail the test!
Nobody uses the last sheet of toilet paper.
Speak carefully, as he is close to losing his temper.
Wheelchairs are provided by YWCA in Tai O.
Even if the government wants to cool down the property market, it shouldn't do it at the expense of citizens.
Work harder, don't give me crap, OK?
On Sundays, devout Catholics go to their churches to attend mass.
My account has been banned.
This suggestion is just a repetition of an old idea, without any novelty.
None of the contestants of the Miss Hong Kong pageant is good.
He is very smart and good at countering in every move.
Anyone could participate in the training course.
Are you going to abandon your baby so ruthlessly?
What are the answers of these lantern riddles?
Contact lens cleaning must not be done carelessly.
The moss is growing, I think no one is tidy here.
Parents have the obligation to take care of their children.
I have been preparing for the entire decade, this time, I shall be the end of you!
He likes to meditate by the sea at night.
First they said they were waiting for some friend, later they changed their story and said they were waiting for the bus.
These two contracts have the same legal effect.
Oh? I've never tried this flavour.
The strong will overcome the weak. That's a law of nature.
Alright, we'll guarantee not to tell others the secrets just told.
That athlete is disqualified in the competition as he used banned drugs.
The coffee is so full that it might spill over, take a sip first!
He sings pretty much better than the original singer of this song.
[ChatGPT]Don't be lazy, just Google it yourself!
The other day I felt pain and bled a lot while pooping, and it turned out that I had an anal fissure.
All the people attending this meeting are important people.
I have gone to many job interviews, but I'm still unemployed.
You're usually pretty quite. What put you in the mood to sing?
You can't have jelly drops if you're trying to sneakily eat food during class, because the chewing will give you away and the teacher will scold you.
The term of office of the editorial board of the students' union this session started on 22nd March.
It's his birthday today. What have you prepared for his present?
I was just joking. Who would have thought that he would take it so seriously?
I need to work on weekdays, what do you want?
I'm so worried about your safety; I don't want to lose you.
Why are you crying? What's happened?
There are always many different ways to style a girl's outfit.
At first he didn't say where his accomplices were hiding, but then it was sounded out by the police officer.
He not only invited me in but he actually offered me a cup of coffee.
[ChatGPT]In some areas of Shenzhen, the price increases are even higher than in Hong Kong. It will catch up with Hong Kong soon, don't you think?
How can there be a neutral stand on absolute right and wrong?
She wishes to buy a flat before 30.
The Qing dynasty was the last Chinese dynasty.
As a good friend of yours, he won't keep being mad about you for a long time.
How many days of annual leave are you entitled to?
Frequent exercising benefits the body greatly.
Wrap the cookies with newspaper.
There is a park beside my house.
The Titanic has a displacement of 52000 tons and a draught of 34 feet.
Please give me some change, I need to take bus later.
Adults should keep their words.
He accidentally spilled his cup of Coke.
This handbag has a great design which attracts many women to buy.
This religion has a special and unique world view.
The feeling of leaving someone that you love is difficult to describe.
Hello! Have you eaten yet?
The pastor asked the members to follow him to pray.
How long is your recess?
The mother is willing to sacrifice her own career to reserve more time for taking care of her children at home.
Hey, you stepped on my foot!
Ma'am, what dishes do I need to make for dinner tonight?
Have you been enroled in A-a's face-to-face classes? I succeeded after queuing for six hours yesterday and don't have to take video classes anymore!
to mend people's misconceptions about AIDS
He was scammed, and now regretting his own stupidity.
Talk to me directly should you have any question.
I mean the problem is with his personality, not his face.
I can't believe that after not seeing you for so long, you hadn't changed much.
Extremely hot climate causes food crops to fail.
The mains voltage in Hong Kong is 220V.
The scale of this company is very big.
As a young lady, how can you be so boorish?
Many people like to dip steamed beef balls or spring rolls in Worcestershire sauce.
This prank was meticulously planned, are you still not convinced/accepting the truth?
A traffic accident happened on the fast lane near Sha Tin Racecourse towards Sheung Shui on Tai Po Road.
Everything would affect human's pulse condition.
He only has the wits for trickery, don't rely on him on anything important.
After 1997, the dancing and horse racing will continue as before in Hong Kong.
You such an evildoer, don't you feel ashamed?
Do this procedure repeatedly.
The baby is reluctant to drink milk. What can be done?
He is a youngster who neglected school, turning to be a thief instead.
Those workers are signing in at two construction sites every day and get paid twice! How dare they!
The socks are smelly, let's take them for a wash.
After you've done all your homework, we can go out and play.
The army is responsible for defending the territory of a country.
He has obtained his success by studying diligently under tough conditions for 10 years.
I only have little money, it's not enough to buy the latest action figure.
We worry that she would be beaten down this time.
My elder sister and her husband are both doctors.
I have spent a lot of money today and bought a lot of things.
The "sillier" management is brainless, aren't they?
My boss is harassing me again, I am so angry!
The temple has a history of three hundred years or so.
She is such a good girlfriend, you could never find anyone like her again.
I came across my little sister masturbating yesterday.
He chides me whenever he is upset, as if I were his punchbag.
If you dare go there, I will smash your legs.
The chefs of this restaurant cook remarkably well.
All the students of this yoga class are female.
He is an upstanding person. You can't bribe him.
A-chung received a complaint which said that his lewd behaviours make the women around him uncomfortable.
Next year will be the Year of the Dog and the year after next will be the Year of the Pig. What about two years after next?
He is acting strange. He might be a traitor.
Has the money been transferred to my account?
To conduct oneself in society, one should know to step back in certain situations.
The teaching materials are forever changing so we can't use old books, it costs a lot more!
If you are obedient, your parents will love you with no doubt.
I woke up today at dawn.
The president of the United States decided to send troops to Iraq.
We will run out of gasoline shortly. Come quick and get a refuel!
As soon as it is 12:00 a.m., everyone drinks a toast to each other and celebrate/congratulate a prosperous New Year.
The bride and groom are such a perfect match that all guests admire them.
The most important thing as an apprentice is to know your place and stay within your bounds. Don't think about setting up your own business all the time.
Most of the power of Hong Kong is supplied through the burning of fossil fuel.
You can't just casually expose your sex organs.
Tax is not necessary on imported cars, but the vehicle registration is taxed.
There's no need to hurry; we've got plenty of time.
She's really bold: she's even not afraid of going on stage and giving a speech.
He is always late. He really should be told off.
Japan is scarce in mineral products.
We make use of different apparatus in order to finish this experiment.
He is in charge of an outlet of pirated CDs.
The director has spotted a new actress, and would like her to be the lead.
He enraged the emperor so he is beheaded publicly.
He spent all his efforts and finally finished this book.
Lamington is an Australian cake.
Master Tse does not concern himself with wordly matters; if he admires you enough, he'll break the bank without a second thought.
Since possibly there will be a typhoon tomorrow, we better do some preventive measures.
That A-ling won the Mark Six was well publicized.
Warm up the lid. Thermal expansion will help you open it.
The bridge collapsed a few days after the completion. It is clearly jerry-built!
How could a cockroach have gotten into the sealed jar?
Is he a celebrity or something? There're so many fans coming to welcome him.
He has an advanced cancer so the medicine and acupuncture are of no avail.
They resemble each other so much as if their faces are cast from the same mould.
Why did you hit someone for no good reason?
You're fixing your eyes on that girl. Do you like her?
Since we had discussed it in detail beforehand, I don't know if others will have a fair view.
He was born in a fragmented family.
What is the different without a girlfriend? Life still goes on.
Influenced by avian flu, the supply of live chickens is suspended.
All water on the ground evaporates once the sun appears!
Somebody's coming; don't make a noise.
Excuse me, where's the nearest ATM?
You don't have to shoulder the responsibility yourself. We would turn ourselves in.
The ten-dollar banknotes issued by this bank are green.
When an acid and a base are placed together, they react to neutralise one another.
My life is hollow, I am so lonely, I am cold!
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Why is your wooden floor so rough?
This scarf is too tingly for me so I seldom wear it.
The teenagers are always energetic.
You don't wear these clothes. It's a huge waste.
You kid! How naughty you are!
Will bamboo shoots affect my illness? Can I eat them?
He signed a non-disclosure agreement with the company.
I couldn't stand him begging on bended knee, so I've decided to help him.
Route 3 opened to traffic in 1998.
Is this subsidy open to everyone?
After I've got the new glasses, I am able to see things very clearly.
Many people fancy taking photos in Yau Ma Tei Wholesale Fruit Market.
You nasty little brat. Every time you eat, there's rice everywhere.
The shapes of Chinese characters are mainly blocks.
Not only can Jyutping be used for dictionary lookups, but also for typing Chinese characters!
This pipe is unable to withstand a large force. Who will be responsible if it breaks?
Hey, stop leaning on me!
After his divorce, he drowns his sorrows all the time.
Fai's political stance is relatively rightist.
Give them a few pieces of paper to draw. Don't let them draw on the wall and mess it up.
Their soloist sang so well.
I haven't read the emailis it urgent?
States from antiquity have all ceased to exist, but many of them have passed down their civilization.
Stand again at where we fall. We should take back the things we lose on our own.
Ever since I left the university, I've been teaching secondary school.
Grandma loves you so much that she would grant your every wish.
If I can't finish this homework, I'm gonna wail in despair.
Did the organiser arrange for a particular bus to pick up the party?
It's such a huge amount of money, how can I prepare?
This is such a piece of cake, I can finish it within five minutes.
She works for a British company.
A legislative councilor thinks that rat poison is useless, and suggests hiring experts to catch rats.
Get me a few strong men to help me with the moving.
White lily represents purity in the language of flowers.
The Public Libraries is inviting library patrons to take part in a series of Reader Liaison Group tea gatherings to express their views.
He was so bizarre during his school years, all his teachers remember him.
I have been doing voluntary work for the past 10 years, from which I have gained a lot of valuable experience.
If you would like to be a professional driver, the prerequisite is that you can drive.
Trading on the stock market was sluggish today.
The murder scenes in that film made me shudder.
I am not feeling too well, it seems that I am coming down with a cold.
These scouts drill like a mess.
He keeps running around throughout the match without getting tired. What an amazing runner he is.
Forget about the cheap knock-offs. There are tons of original design stuffed figures by locals this year at the Lunar New Year Fair.
You should attend the boss's party as a token of respect.
Our son is in the police station now, please bail him out as soon as possible.
We discussed this issue for a whole week and at the end were able to solve the problem.
We immediately sighed with relief to see her reach the other side of the river safely.
The highest temperature of this summer is 34 degree Celsius.
The champion will be awarded a trophy.
His father has a powerful background but so what? His son is a failure, only spending money but not earning any. The family business is completely ruined by him.
Lighting is available at the outdoor tennis court, enabling playing at night time.
Let's wait until their internal conflicts and act then.
Other matters are fine, but this is not acceptable.
Do you study the arts stream or the science stream?
My grandson has a daughter, and I have a great-granddaughter now.
I love eating pistachios; they are nutritious and tasty.
The northern Song dynasty moved to the south and moved its capital to Lam On.
Bousaan patched her shirt until 3 a.m. last night.
My grandma goes to learn 'Eight Pieces of Brocade' in a community centre every week. She is so healthy!
According to the previous cases, the success rate of this experiment was very low.
Let's pray together to hope for a happy ending.
She is making a cheese cake with tea milk favor. She said it was Hong Kong style.
This is a great job, a 100 thousand dollar monthly salary with meals covered!
He ran away with his ex on the night before his wedding.
Everyone is gone, why are you still here?
The sales in the first half of this year were not satisfactory due to the fierce competition.
He is already forty years old but he is still single.
He is a sweet talker.
The government has approved this development plan already.
You'd better buy insurance just in case, so that you'd be compensated should anything happen to you.
He was snoring all night and I couldn't fall to sleep.
It takes time for one to understand and appreciate the essence of the poem.
Every time he mobilized, he failed to muster an army.
This custom has been conserved for many years.
I never thought that he, as a mature man, has such little tolerance.
My phone might have been tapped.
The government is starting to ban unlicensed hawkers.
You're so prone to bragging. No one is going to believe you!
[ChatGPT]While you're still young, be forgiving.
Drink a cup of honey water if you have sore throat.
Take something red. It's for luck.
My parents started seeing each other in high school. They got married two years later, and then I was born.
Sometimes newly emerged usages or those from a relatively small population are included in this dictionary.
I'm in a relationship. Give up, and don't ever ring again.
Being a competent "dog slave", I always put my dog as a top priority!
Ground almond sweet soup can stop coughing.
Beware of getting too full when you gorging yourself with desserts.
With such an incompetent teammate, I would definitely lose even if I could fly.
Blood stains were left on his body.
He doesn't have much musicality and frequently goes off-key when he sings.
Practising mindfulness every day can help maintain your inner peace.
This triad boss has done all kinds of evil. It serves him right!
Very busy these days, quite a lot of this and that.
Chinatown is bustling during the Lunar New Year.
My living now is satisfactory, at least I have enough to fill my stomach.
Our boss has been roaring since the moment he came back this morning.
Baby, should we go to Stanley for a date tomorrow?
This building has a large area, so the the number of flats is especially high.
Scientists have succeeded to train a chimpanzee to do arithmetic.
Youtube's algorithm is really hard to fathom!
if you already had a sore throat, better not take these fried or spicy food.
Take all safety measures when going on amusement rides.
We will hold our wedding ceremony in a church.
Many people will apply for the job as the terms offered by the company are really attractive.
Oh, I couldn't miss you more, my dear!
Please can you check this for me?
That damn cop is such a stupid cock, accusing people by making up false confession.
It's gonna be a while until we can see him again!
After a complete tidy-up, the living room looks brand-new.
[ChatGPT]Some people always say that nowadays all the street vendors are college students, even if a sign falls it could kill a few people.
This clinic is open 24 hours a day. It's really quite convenient.
He seems like a nice person, but he actually always secretly talk bad about the others.
Those young Russian blonde prostitutes who came earlier have all been arrested.
Remain vigilance regarding business. Don't trust others easily.
It's very late at night. Are you fucking going home or not?
I'd like to book a room for two please.
Every year, this institution prepares and organises various activities for teenagers.
Education is pluralistic and grounded in respect for all lines of universal thought.
This poor man was just fired by his boss.
When the "bone-dissolving dragon" was still a kid, I wanted him to grow up faster; now that he is grown-up, and I miss that time.
Subject headings, as an access point, have two functions: to give appropriate subjects to relevant information; and to let readers manage to find information of relevant subjects.
Table salt dissolves in water to become the saline solution.
She is so vain about her appearance and wears makeup every day.
With you here, I feel a lot more confident.
Don't forget to put the milk back in the fridge.
Spring is a season of vitality.
Don't take your wallet out, this meal is on me.
The game is created by me.
The vanguard lost and retreated again and again that they asked for reinforcement.
They cooperated that they got the PowerPoint slides done swiftly.
Ahhh naughty you, I just said one word and you could relate so much other things...
A free gift will be offered for any purchase over $100, first come first served.
That's quite unusual that it gets so crowded at seven, such an early time.
The fountain has some fishes kept in it.
Taking off clothes in public is illegal.
Ming can throw a javelin very far.
Why the fuss about that little thing? That's nothing close to a real big deal.
I would like to replace this bookshelf with a closet.
Now you say that you forgot about the drills, right when we are going to crack the vault.
It's raining cats and dogs outside. Why don't you stay for a bit longer and leave when the rain stops?
There is a slogan near the entrance of the site to remind workers to be cautious.
This is an authentic painting by a master artist. Of course it's expensive!
When the humidity is high, one could easily get a heat stroke while running.
He is completely trustworthy, he must not be the one who stole your things.
Be serious please. This is a critical issue.
My farm is very big that there are several cattle pens.
He inherited three million dollars from his ancestors.
He is so frugal and thrifty. He always checks with several places to get the best deal whenever he needs to buy something.
Due to the rainy weather, the organisers have decided to cancel the outdoor event.
Speeding can easily causes traffic accidents.
He is prolonging his doctoral study in order to stay here longer.
Most of the highest mountains in the world are located in Nepal.
"Someone said they would sell me a brand new mobile phone for $50!" "That's too good to be true. Beware and don't be fooled."
When I see her showing off the relationship with her boyfriend again, I'll look sideways at her!
Giving out cash is a good policy to young people.
Even though she's my close friend, I still couldn't help rejoicing at the fact that, she's now so severely sick and no one is going to compete with me over the leading role.
He is a diehard fan of this football club.
The fortune's favorite who are winning the jackpot is ... Siu-ming!
You must be saying that the vegetables are nice and fresh because this is your stall!
Don't tell me these trivial things!
People who do callisthenics often have flexible bodies.
AKB48 is a popular Japanese idol group.
I listen to this music programme every night.
He is smart. He won't get cheated that easily.
You are so deceitful ! I won't play with you anymore !
Where is the tram stop?
Don't act all cocky just because you passed your grade 8 piano exam. Grade 8 achievers are everywhere these days.
There used to be lots of gangsters selling pirated CD outside the mall.
It's not enough space, can you retreat, please?
A: "Can you defeat him?" B: "Probably."
He has been nominated as the best actor.
Can you give me a quick ride to Wan Chai?
Let's go to Five Stations Hill and meet some celebrities!
He's always raising his absent-minded head and loooking around, what a fool.
The thief hit his head with a stick.
Why are you staring at me like that? I didn't break the vase.
[ChatGPT]We should ask the experts to say a few words about this issue.
He was elevated to a prestigious but powerless position after offending the chairman.
My phone was switched to silent mode, so it didn't ring when you called.
Whoa! Your next semester starts in October? Maybe there's still time for another trip?
Let's move the box away together.
You are getting vaccinated at school tomorrow. Remember to bring your vaccine record card.
We should do our best in everything we do.
My lord, I will always be at your service with unswerving loyalty until my last breath.
Considering the fact that this is your first offence. I will give you a chance.
Parents should keep a lenient attitude towards their children as possible and avoid treating them with negative manners of communication.
This car is using a high revving engine.
Hong Kong has already been battered by four typhoons this year.
He got hurt accidentally in this competition.
There are quite a few foreign blockbusters coming up in theatres.
We have received your contribution.
That guy has tattoos all over his body. He looks like he want to murder someone.
The truth of the murder was finally revealed!
Being in gangs means you would often meet the gang leaders.
She was just lip-syncing; there's no way she could sing that well.
Due to global warming, the number of polar bears keeps decreasing.
I saw your car crash into mine with my own two eyes, but you still wanna lie to me?
It's rare for the chef to come. We are grateful for his presence.
You should be reasonable and don't be reckless.
Grandmas entire life savings are defrauded bit by bit.
In summer, the duration of day becomes very long.
Why do you look so tired? Did you have a bad sleep?
It was said that ginseng can prolong one's life.
She employs three maids, they are responsible for cooking, cleaning and baby-sitting particularly.
The domestic helpers in HK do not solely come from Philippines. Some of them come from Indonesia.
Don't eat so much offal if you have gout.
There're only 30 seconds till the competition ends! Hurry!
Our son is throwing a tantrum because he's tired. We should go home now.
Natural disasters cannot be avoided.
The typhoon will come the closest to Hong Kong tonight.
I lost my voice and cannot talk on the phone. Let's type.
Don't blame him. He didn't want it to happen right?
The reason is that parents nowadays are over-caring their children, he says. That hit the nail on the head.
Generally, the speed of sound in air is 343.2 m/s.
I tried, but I can't match well with him in our chat.
[ChatGPT]You're brave enough to take such a sharp turn because you're a skilled driver.
When the shutter opens and closes, the camera has taken one photo.
There is a long scar on his face.
I have sung for 3 hours straight. I really sang to my heart's content.
You suck. It's so simple, how could you not know?
Bandage the wound to stanch the blood first.
The movie starts at half past seven. Don't be late.
Don't play the fool. I know you did it!
I've more or less finished writing the book.
According to my visual inspection, this obtuse angle should have almost 120 degrees.
Packing up all these things with red-white-blue bags is just convenient and cheap.
Fuck! A motherfucker called me at five a.m. in the morning and woke me up, and I couldn't go back to sleep.
How can you call it a wedding feast when there is no roasted suckling pig.
These decorations are to deliberately evoke a cheerful atmosphere.
His goods pile up to the cylinder
Although he has been living in this country for 10 years, he does not want to naturalise.
He always acts in an arrogant manner once the boss is away.
The editor would like me to put an illustration in an article.
Sigh, I think I flopped the exam, I will probably need to retake it next year.
Please help me buy two packs of ceremonial paper money offerings: one for the sky, and one for the earth. I will need them for worship at the project's opening ceremony tomorrow.
He is an old-fashioned person. He would not buy a mobile phone no matter what.
(after some consideration) We likewise feel that every person is born equal.
Don't invite your friend to our gathering next time. He's quite annoying.
He was ashamed of what he did.
Didn't expect that driver to be so gutsy and overtake the minibus.
His life is a truly tragic story of a middle-aged man.
[ChatGPT]Wealth is not everything in life, but having a certain amount of wealth can improve your quality of life.
I'm not doing a charity case. Pay me back now!
She likes to put on this pink glitter lip gloss. Apparently, it has a 'nice shimmery glow' to it.
You have only a few threads of hair left on your head, you don't need to comb.
That old man keeps rocking when walking. I'm afraid he would fall.
We've been living here for almost thirty years, now the building is going to be torn down just when we are getting old. What a pity!
If you want to get to the other side, you can go through this tunnel.
This large waterfall is really a scenic wonder.
You have many toys already, why you are still buying them?
Let me repeat your order once more.
My computer is hacked by someone.
Based on my understanding, if you resign now, you will have to pay a month's salary to the company.
That girl is seductively beautiful just like a fairy.
If you take good care of a butterfly orchid, its blooming period can last at least 30 days!
Chor Chung Sing has yet again pushed all his chips out to the table. It's another all-in for him!
Instead of buying an international phone card, why not call through IDD?
I didn't want to go back home, so I wandered around the streets for two hours.
The car hit a truck head-on.
I am okay these days. There is no need to worry about me.
She becomes a manager in half of a year.
He worked hard and diligently for twenty years, and made a great many contributions to the company.
From your poor look, I can tell that you must have lost all your money.
The washrooms in the university are cleaned three times a day, in order to prevent the transmission of bacteria.
We dismiss here, see you tomorrow!
It's a tragic sight to see him being beaten up to this state!
So delicious! Everyone appreciate it every single day!
An equilateral triangle has acute interior angles.
Are you lacking manpower? How can you recruit such useless people?
Donating used clothes to the needy can help with their living and reduce waste. It is gaining two ends at once.
This shop has already closed its business since April.
Since she was small, she stuttered and was often laughed by others.
Who is that guy with glasses?
Don't eat too much rice - leave some room for the sweet dumplings!
When I study, I use different coloured highlighters to mark important points.
I left several boxes of sundries with my friend before I travelled to America.
I want to know the philosophy of life of Danish people.
New singers usually come out and perform first.
To change your personal details in government records you must fill out a form.
This ointment is good for relieving itching. You should have a try.
I'm just asking you to help type a few words. You're not going to refuse me, are you?
Officials are supposed to be loyal to the ruler and love the country.
I saw a good looking girl last night when I was out for a drink, so I asked for her number.
The tourism board has offered tricycles to the tourists to keep as souvenirs.
This song is not my cup of tea.
Let's sum up what we have discussed today.
I am still a junior.
Online bookstores and chain bookstores are very popular, that only a few small bookshops can survive.
Damn! Just a kid.
It is a norm in Hong Kong to work overtime without compensation.
He can't take something cold cause he caught a cold.  Stop eating ice-cream to induce him.
A Cantonese opera performance is going to take place on the night of the sixteenth.
What can I do that he is not willing to listen to my advice?
Children should be taught with great patience.
Unwanted or severely injured animals will probably be euthanized.
If everything is okay, sign your name down there.
I planned to stay at my current job for long-term.
During the SARS outbreak, several healthcare workers contracted the disease and, unfortunately, passed away.
The human body proportions in this drawing are not accurate. Please modify the drawing.
You can't be an ambulanceman if you don't know how to drive an ambulance.
That pervert actually had the nerve to touch my breast, so I slapped him right in his goddamn face.
She cried and held the tail of my shirt. She looks so poor.
If you know the answer, leave a comment in this post. If you are correct, you'll receive a prize.
This thing is useless anymore, please throw it away.
You are always eating sweets, beware of tooth cavities!
The owner will leave her shop after totting up the sales.
It's very stuffy in here. I'm running out of oxygen.
The watermelon is quite round. Does it taste sweet?
You're in so much pain, and you're still forcing yourself to do it. Go home and take a rest!
These maladies cannot be remedied in a short period of time.
New Town Plaza is right outside of Sha Tin station .
He is a natural follower, he will hang himself if the crowd demands it.
It is impossible for one to visit the Netherlands and not smoke weed.
Your opponent is strong. Be careful.
Escalating geopolitical risks have made the share market plummet.
Fresh hairy gourds have lots of hair.
The core of this problem is the lack of capital.
Ming General Japanese Sushi Restaurant is notorious for its lousy sushi. Everyone tries and knows it is a dodge.
Just as the New Year starts, ships in the sea will all sound their horns to celebrate.
Returning after living overseas for ten years, I realised that Hong Kong was no longer the place I used to know.
Oops! It's raining heavily. I'll be in trouble. I forgot to shut the windows at home.
He worked for the company in his waking hours, yet despite of that, he was fired before retirement.
Keep practicing your delivery skills, you still have room for improvement!
Smoking is prohibited in public places, offenders fixed penalty is HK$1,500.
He is the only boy of the house and was treated as a crown jewel by the family.
Oh no, the patient has disappeared!
The vehicle mounted the pavement and then rammed into a bus stop.
People started anti-government protests in a great scale.
We should address this problem directly and take the right steps to solve it.
Do you believe aliens exist in this world?
In Taoism, it is believed that humans can become immortal by cultivating vital energy and taking elixirs.
There are many Christians singing Christmas carols along the TST Promenade on Christmas Eve.
If you do this, then you will have to face undesirable consequences.
Everyone can help protect against flu.
We have been practicing for at least half a year for the joint performance.
My leg was tangled with a rope.
Mourning for a deceased who has yet to be buried or cremated could be exempted from bans on group gatherings.
The economy is not good right now, so the boss said he had to cut our salary; we have no choice but to accept.
It's difficult to arrange the time for that many of us to have dinner together.
He will arrive after an hour. Let's start eating to wait for him.
How can we get this answer?
Two sanitation workers inhaled sewer gas and almost died.
If you buy a notebook computer from me, this mouse will be a gift to you, good deal isn't it?
The petitioner has decided to appeal in the name of upholding justice.
There was no sign of struggle and the victim's belongings were not stolen.
He felt bad when he realized his error.
Fewer and fewer residents of Cheung Chau catch fish for a living.
A normal person may get mouth ulcers few times a year.
He's a reliable person. There wouldn't be any trouble cooperating with him.
Just put the goods causally at the corner first. We will categorize them after the rack is set.
He is precise and conscientious in every procedure of this production.
Sigh. How much can I earn with my temporary jobs?
The cold snap in late spring usually occurs from March to April.
Siu-mei has an innocent heart that her husband's family likes her very much.
His forthright manner can be mistaken for rudeness.
The skin of children is very smooth.
Eating congee only doesn't keep me full. I'm hungry already.
Sir, I am glad to tell you that your wife is pregnant.
Finally dated the girl out, I should succeed right?
You should just leave, he doesn't want to see you anyway.
Oh my goodness! The place looks trashed. Why?
Cantonese learners easily mix up the two expressions of 'thank you' in Cantonese.
I didn't have lunch since the meeting lasts until four o'clock. Now I have lost my appetite.
Please get me a thicker rope.
Watch out while commuting, don't let the thieves steal from you.
Luckily, the tree blocked the sand and dust.
A-ming learnt that A-chung's resume involves much exaggeration. Now their cooperation has ended.
How can you be so cruel to beat the dog like that?
After 3 months, the situation of SARS in Hong Kong was under control.
You must have strong determination as a soldier.
She has been cutting herself and now her arms are covered in scars.
I have been using it for half year, and feel satisfactory for the overall performance.
A power outage suddenly occurred in the housing estate. People were trapped in the lift and couldn't get out.
I won't be going to mainland China until tomorrow as I am planning to stay in Hong Kong today.
The paper is wrinkled. Why don't you put it into the file?
Fight me one on one if you dare.
His tie was blue with white dots on it.
On climate issues, young people are an important group of stakeholders.
The fake goods were confiscated by the police.
This guys is always absent minded, can never concentrate to complete a task.
Your store is selling goods at ridiculously low prices, that means you prefer to lose money so that both our stores go down together!
She has had many unforgettable experience during the trip.
Cops spying for triads would tell the leaders about the operations of the police.
This film is his first effort.
He refuses to take his medicine and keeps stamping his foot.
The stock has dropped 30% in a day.
I don't agree with what you said.
The real estate market is not optimistic, that no one plans to purchase real estate for investment.
He abso-freaking-lutely doesn't know how to do your stuff, as he never learns it.
Don't just talk. If you know how, then do it!
Silver is the best conductor of electricity.
The boss is looking for you regarding some important matters, and asked you to go to his office immediately.
The bank decides to increase the rate.
That kindergarten is recruiting students. Hurry up and register!
This doctor specialises in strange diseases.
He went suddenly that no one knows his whereabouts.
This movie star loves to pose a dramatic face to the point that I have difficulty to imagine him to have any other facial expression.
This company is a wholesaler of piece goods from different countries.
Study chapter three by heart, it must be in the examination.
The earlier you buy, the earlier you enjoy; but buying later will save you several hundred bucks.
Tell me as soon as there is any activity.
If you come clean about what had happened, I will show discretion, but if I find out the perpetrator myself, there will be harsh punishment.
The villain in this drama is excellent
The HKSAR government mandates that children must attend school once they are six.
The baby girl has large and watery eyes. She looks cute.
He tried hard to defend his case before the judge, but still he was found guilty by the judge.
Can we try on the clothes after the transfer of the fee?
I Hope I'll be able to spend a lovely Christmas with my family.
Although Chief Executive was ultimately authorized by all citizens in theory, it only voted by less than 1200 people. That is why a Chief Executive never recognized by citizens.
The movie "A Chinese Odyssey Part Two-Cinderella" disappointed at box office, it is unbelievable that it became a highly outstanding movie.
If you tried out a primitive life without mobile phones and television, then you would realize how convenient our life is nowadays.
That jerk easily coaxed the white girl into having sex with him.
He actually did a lot for everyone in secret. It's just that no one knew.
When facing an intricate enigma, deconstruct it to manageable pieces and then tackle them in accordance to their own features.
What's on the woman's mind when she goes out in such outfit?
His examination results have always been excellent.
Don't fail me.
Kids should shut up when adults are discussing things important.
I want to find a place similar to Hong Kong to live in.
I only made a scratch on your car-door accidentally. Do I need to die for that?
His parents worry that he might make some unsavoury friends and follow their example.
Your face is full of pimples. Do you need any medication?
It is estimated that there are about 300 people in the venue.
He cannot get in touch with his family since they have fled from the war.
He reverted to his bad ways soon. He was insincere to correct it!
It turns out that the woman who washes dishes doesn't get paid extra for delivering the takeout orders.
I tidy my room up to make some space.
I'm going to go buy some food. Keep a seat for me.
To a certain extent, I share your view.
This school is in a deathly stillness.
After he heard of the truth, he was stunned for a while.
I have to work overnight tonight. Don't wait for me for dinner.
I went to a boys' school in my adolescence. It is comparable to living in an abbey as a monk, I have never spoken to a girl before, for instance.
No matter how much he despised that candidate, he had to vote for her, reluctantly, for the greater good.
This policy is very important to Hong Kong's future development.
He couldn't help shivering when he heard the news.
Don't worry. She is a responsible person.
He hopes to make his debut in the talent show.
I didn't do any revision at all. The pass of the exam is really a fluke!
I asked someone to ask someone for a ticket of Eason Chan's concert.
Ah Ming is used to doing exercise and has a healthy body.
I have only been to Mainland China once.
A normal adult has 12 molars.
With such a wicked heart, she is not admirable no matter how pretty she is.
The police arrested the suspect after more than ten days of investigation.
She was a dog raised in a construction site. When she was small, she was attacked. Her head was badly injured and bleeding heavily.
I am being concerned that my ex-partner wants to work at where I am working.
A biscuit can be all I've eaten in one day - my friends said I have a belly that can endure extreme hunger.
Seeing Ox-Head and Horse-Face standing in front of his sickbed, he knew death was imminent.
Stop the nonsense! Tell me the truth immediately!
A-chung is selling down feather jackets in summer. He won't be earning any money.
Many Hong Kong girls try wearing kimonos to experience Japanese culture when they travel to Japan.
The book is very difficult to understand; I have to think about it carefully.
The government's web page covers the scope of governance in Hong Kong.
The government will put the emergency reserve into use to confront the financial crisis.
It's dangerous to drive when it's raining cats and dogs. Let's take the underground instead.
I wonder how first love feels like.
This milk formula is specially designed for young children.
My parents fully support the decision that I have made.
Your body constitution is of 'cold', so you must eat more food of 'warm and hot' nature.
When you stand on top of this cliff, you can see the boundless ocean.
The King of gambler play baccarrat with the president of Panama on the public ocean.
This new brand of rice balls will be out in the market this Chinese new year.
This restaurant changes its menu monthly.
I can still understand her difficulty.
Don't be mad! You two are fine.
With these sharp weapon, no matter how many people whose tactics as good as Sun Tzu bring troops to attack us, have nothing to fear!
Extra battery life is what makes this phone outstanding.
I have counted the books, the amount's right.
There's a grand hotel in Hollywood. Three fat women were playing soccer there. (lyrics)
A shortage of labour is the major problem manufacturing sector is facing.
My friend teaches in a secondary school. He finishes work as late as eight every night.
This is such a narrow escape! I will probably die if it happens once more.
I'm best at cooking.
If you have a sore neck, try acupuncture from a traditional Chinese doctor.
The proceeds of the lottery will be used towards charitable purposes.
How would you understand what I am suffering?
She told the story vividly.
He's an honest person. He won't talk about you behind your back.
The teacher motioned him to close the door by pointing at it.
He was born and bred in Hong Kong.
Lu Xun's works criticized the deep-rooted flaws of the Chinese.
I can't see any difference between these two things.
Chaising for the bus made me breath so heavily.
Playing with one fewer player puts them in a disadvantaged position.
The warden will check if there are any outsiders staying in the dormitory tonight. Don't bring back any visitors!
Before I opened my mouth, they had already competed in being the first to answer the question.
My dream is to visit Africa to see the Animal Migration.
There are not many differences in their appearance.
required to take eight different courses
There are many snails in rainy days.
We went to the zoo to see polar bears.
The murals on the exterior of this primary school differ year by year.
Even though he's my nephew, as part of the management, I won't be giving him any special favours.
I confess myself not a good husband, but I should be a good father.
The judge orders the opponent's side to pay the court fees for us.
He has failed to submit homework for ten times this year. The teacher is so furious and scolds him loudly.
I'm sorry to disturb you so late at night.
Okay, see you there at two tomorrow.
The famous prostitute makes around five sex deals in a night.
He's like a snake. He's got literally no backbone and he's always leaning on one thing or another.
I want you guys to beat him to a pulp.
You are having a perfect plan, but it depends whether it is feasible or not.
The phenomenon is worth contemplating.
The typhoon caused flooding and the water level has been reaching my knees.
Giant in Doraemon has the worst voice in the world.
This diagram explains the Qualifications Framework in Hong Kong.
I've diluted the sauce. It shouldn't taste that heavy now.
If you like that person, then that's fine.
As we get older, we have more wrinkles around our eyes.
The wedding is such a great occasion to join. I should prepare either cash or a gift.
My little sister is always dreaming about puppy love, always casting her longing stares at the boy next door.
You look flustered, what have you done?
The milk never solidifies whenever I try to make a ginger milk curd.
As a bridesmaid, you should not dress up to steal the show.
A: "Bye, mom." B: "Goodbye, my daughter, take care of yourself."
Although you are a university graduate, we won't hire people without working experience in general.
How to make kids less naughty?
The economy is not so good right now, let's set the price lower to attract more buyers and hope we can earn a profit this way.
That restaurant is nice. Let's go there next time.
They felt like old friends even at their first encounter and they even became best friends.
This exhibition welcomes all trades and professions.
You've just met each other and you're already getting along!
This entertainer was seen visiting a brothel; the story is on magazine.
Ew! Our baby's poop smells really bad.
The sun rises in the east.
Macau is the most densely populated region in the world.
As I grew up, I have become more open-minded and learnt to be calm.
Straits are important transport lines in oceans.
Not much people would like to learn double bass.
Why is your face covered with tears? Are you sad?
It's already September; it's not common for it to be so damn hot.
Have you subscribed to my channel?
Tomorrow is the deadline. The stuff has not been finished yet, but you are about to take half-day leave for going to a concert. Do you know you are irresponsible?
If you want to rent this house, you have to pay 2 months' rent in advance.
Wish you great happiness and long life, Grandma!
We have to maintain our leading position in the advertising industry.
He was originally from a wealthy family, but the family fortunes declined, so now he works as a taxi driver.
We were halfway from home when we realised we'd forgotten the keys.
He is only twelve, but he started dating at such a young age.
What kind of makeup is this? So deadly terrifying!
The collection of 161 competing works will be judged over the next month, and the list of winners will be decided.
His knowledge is quite diverse; he knows a bit of everything.
There are many mandarin ducks on the lake.
With all kinds of revenues taken into account, the company's total income this year is two million.
After graduation, I wandered in Europe alone for a whole year.
If you're self-satisfied with the little achievement, you won't make any further progress.
I am so grateful to this young lady. She's like a little angel.
Though what you say seems is very reasonable, I still don't believe you.
There is no doubt that he will be the champion.
The drug is working. It's making me drowsy.
It set off another round of debate concerning euthanasia.
The news of layoffs produced a great echo among the staff members.
These Cantonese black and white films are a good reflection of the living conditions of the lower classes at that time.
That's almost it, let's get off work now.
He is already out in the first round.
Let's join the summer camp together.
This game show gives out a lot of prizes. You surely won't come back empty-handed.
After vernal equinox, the day will be longer than the night.
His mind was stirred to the point that he burst into tears.
Being Hong Kong's four great talents means having certain abilities and wisdom
There was an explosion in the factory this morning.
Tai-Man is now editing pics. I'll tell him to call you back once he finishes.
The main cause of flooding is silting of channels and ditches.
Cash keeps losing its purchasing power these days.
Charles Dickens is widely recognized as an influential author.
You wouldn't believe this. Jesus Christ actually exists!
You risk getting heart disease if you keep consuming so much fatty food.
I have no time playing lovebird.
Sufficient lighting is essential for reading.
He can do it in whatever way he likes, as long as he doesn't cause me trouble.
The rabbit skin is the booty for hunting this time.
You should make more friends, so you can take care of each other if there is any problem.
This plan has a monthly fee of $198. It's a two year contract and comes with 2GB data.
Participating in the countdown event with friends is the best way to celebrate the new year.
Though she looks crazy at most of the time, she could be very serious when it comes to studying.
From this matter, I understood how ugly human nature is.
The food of this restaurant is very tasty.
You can pay however you like - in cash, by cheque, or by credit card.
The thick liquid ground from soya beans is soya bean milk.
The three treasures of Ma On Shan are iron ores, azaleas and muntjacs.
You're throwing up from drinking again. You'd be better off drinking less.
The things sold in this store are very cheap.
You'll reach a solution/consensus after all. Take it easy.
The air in countryside is so much fresher.
The name of my boss is known by everyone.
He was so busy but he still came and fixed my computer for me. He's really marvellous!
Please come with us and assist the investigation.
Did you hear that? Quick, start the security system.
Brown wood pulp is bleached to produce white paper.
Although this player has won many local prizes, he does not meet the standard of the World Player of the Year.
Construction sites are usually guarded by dogs.
You have no money but want to be a boss? You're daydreaming.
If you want to meet Mr. Chan, you have to make an appointment in advance.
I resort to getting onto one of those crowded MTR trains, every morning when I go to work.
I have a cavity and need a root canal.
Beer is fattening. You'd better drink less if you want to lose weight.
My family used to cook hotpot with a cassette cooker.
Ask anything you want, I'll answer as best I can.
The first day as a teacher, I encountered some really naughty students. The situation was hectic and embarrassing.
This entered someone's house before they get the permission.
The over-harvesting of sea turtle eggs can lead to the extinction of sea turtle.
This breathable fabric is perfect for making summer clothing.
Is it really worth it to save money on meals and eat cheap bread every day just to buy a luxury handbag?
We have always been doing it this way. Don't get in the way!
As Hong Kongers, we don't know what our nationality is.
He continued to race with indomitable spirit and won the game in the end.
This pot of moth orchid has only 2 stems. It does not look good.
We will stay at a hotel tonight.
When you encounter any legal problem, dial 1234 5678 immediately!
Don't cut a path through a jungle on your own if you are inexperienced in hiking.
Let's go cycling this Sunday.
I'd have my whisky on rocks, thanks.
My daughter's teeth are falling out, and her lisping is so funny
Long time no see. Have you been fine?
The boss just called, there is going to be blood tonight, go grab your gear, boys.
to raise questions that are totally unrelated to the case
Don't take that seriously! It's gonna be fine soon.
The cheer team is shouting the slogan loudly.
He was staring at the photographs, recalling his days in school.
There's so much smoke here that I guess there really is a fire. We'd better get out of here now.
The most valuable and unforgettable moment of my life is when he confessed his love to me at the beach.
I know the opponent is no match for you. But don't be over-confident and underestimate him.
Please show me your consultation card.
Many outsiders have commented on this issue.
[ChatGPT]You're already so old, you should get married.
An annual fee is required if one wants to use the bank counter service.
Last time, it was a relief that I passed the exam, but this time I have to study harder to get higher marks!
The regional development plan is getting into a mature stage.
He thought his lie was flawless.
After all, you guys are just jealous.
We don't have a big office but everyone is very competent.
He can't control his own emotions and screams hysterically whenever he is unhappy.
Just been unemployed, he has come across an accident. Multiple misfortunes happen to him.
This painting is my mother's masterpiece.
After staying overnight for two days, all I want to do is go home and sleep.
I am so thirsty, let me get something to drink.
It's painful to be an obsessive person.
The book seems quite interesting, let me take a good look at it.
There are many intersecting roads in this district.
Don't help the kids do their homework.
Haters gonna hate, just be yourself!
[ChatGPT]"The Bible says that Jesus ascended to heaven 40 days after his death."
He often pulls a sickie. Why does the boss still not lay him off?
The recruitment day is providing 500 positions.
The coconut trees form a background to this picture.
How lucky am I! Still feeling well after taking overdose drugs.
I want to buy a bucket to take a foot bath.
You chat with him frequently. Are you in love with him?
Print my name at the back of the tee.
The swindler is good at cheating people, making his living by cheating.
It's better to live harmonously as a family, is it fun to quarrel day and night within a household?
Your analysis is not supported by any data. It's too subjective.
Stop getting in the way of a chat between us old friends and leave. We have secrets to discuss.
Son, burn some paper money for your grandpa.
He does naught but bury himself in his books without any contact with the outside world. I'm afraid his theses will be so wishful so as to lack any connection to actual society.
In years of war, the strength of the country has deteriorated while that of its counterpart has risen.
All Wai's colleagues don't want to listen to his sex jokes.
It's so windy outside! How could you abandon her and make her return home on her own?
Stop tickling! It's itchy!
Will associate degree holders feel they cannot adapt when entering university?
World Cup Final will be shown on TV after a short while!
Some speculate that this traffic incident is not an accident.
Don't think you're her boyfriend. You are just a friendzoned admirer subservient to her, you idiot.
My brother likes to stare at the fish tank in Chinese restaurant.
Italy is famous for its operas.
Back in the primeval age, our ancestors made stone tools by bashing rocks together.
He's taken a day off. I'll relay your message to him.
He has done great service for this company.
This low-income assistance program is far from perfect. Too many poor folks are still not able to benefit from it.
He urged me with the utmost intensity not to purchase this product.
Her husband passed away only a month ago, while she's had a new lover already.
My computer is down. Please help me check up on it later.
Just hang up, it's another phone scam.
Ah Ching shouted sternly at the child gang to stop their wrongdoing.
Do not worry too much about the job. Just go ahead regardless of other factors, then you will be happier.
I always scrub dishes by hand at home.
Enhancing training of talents will provide new impetus for Hong Kong's economy.
It's not necessary for you to say anything now.
If I find him reading the horse-racing news again in the washroom, I will give him hell in front of the boss!
Hey! Today we've an unusual guest.
You better help me to open that can now!
When it comes to romance, let it be.
Please stop, otherwise you'll risk lives.
My mood is sometimes good, sometimes bad.
This movie is too absurd to be amusing.
The Legislative Council has just passed a new bill.
A music company signed him as a singer!
[ChatGPT]That girl is so useless, even dogs won't bother with her.
Many people want to reveal the truth about aliens.
The answer is obviously wrong, how could you get an odd number from 4 times 6?
The work was done in such a superficial manner, it was effectively the same as having done no work at all.
How old do you think your daughter will be when she stops holding your hand to cross the street?
He's been a secret admirer of the girl for many years.
May I ask how many branches your company has in total?
Let's meet in front of Hong Kong City Hall's door at seven o'clock.
His skill is still immature and has to be nurtured for some more time under his master's teaching.
Villagers in Tsz Wan Shan and Sha Tin travelled between the two places through the ancient trail.
Sometimes I would take Piriton for my runny nose, but I would feel drowsy afterwards.
The prison officers usually form a bond with the boss of the prisoners.
Your article has rich content. It will be more convincing if you cite some literary or historical references.
As I remember it should be possible to go by this way, what's going on?
The photo is misplaced. Move it to the right side of the first paragraph.
Egg tarts are a famous food in Hong Kong.
Haven't you realised your mistake after put into jail?
He declined to anticipate his chance of winning a seat in next year's election.
She managed the company for her father.
Seeing that Brazil lost their match, they coincidentally both finished a bottle of German beer in one gulp.
I didn't force him at all. He stayed and worked overtime of his own free will.
Automatic sensors are installed on this pair of doors.
After graduating, I would like to be a certified accountant.
Don't feel offended. He just made everything too explicit.
You are a girl and you are here drawing up your knees to sit, how is it decent?
There seems some traitor in the party.
He failed three subjects, so he has to repeat for a year.
Today she needs to study with her prince.
Supporters are to be persuaded and won over. Votes do not come by indiscriminate criticism.
One should know himself well. Knowing his own limits is the first step to avoid being destroyed.
Rule by man would lead to dictatorship.
I haven't finished the book yet. Would you please help me to renew it?
Just finished my work, I'm coming back now.
I slightly bumped the vase and it broke.
He hobbles along the road, I wonder if he has sprained his ankle?
The broomstick was bent just now, it's time to replace it.
You asshole. You said you would buy me food. Why are you empty-handed?
I am hitting the hay now, can you do me a favor and close the door for me?
It is easy to get a cold as the weather is sometimes hot and sometimes cold in Hong Kong.
No one wants to be scolded by the boss. You should hold back your anger.
I spoke too fast that I have said something I shouldn't.
There're shards of glass everywhere. What happened here?
Siu-mei is determined to resign from the company. Her family members can only let her do it.
After receiving various awards in her lifetime, Director Lam has been well acclaimed by Hong Kongers, becoming a symbol of the Hong Kong movie culture.
Although the two were seldom seen apart before, they mutually realised that they are drifting apart slowly.
Give me a break. He can't even recognize the letters.
This hospital is equipped with three hundred beds.
I don't even have half of the revision done yet. I will be like preparing to be KO-ed by the exam in a short while.
To make a bowl of bean curd pudding, we need 150 ml of soy milk, half tablespoon of gypsum, and one teaspoon of cornstarch.
His reputation was completely destroyed because of corruption.
Tropical Storm Dianmu was centred about 240 kilometres west of Yap.
You should take a shower first! You smell so bad!
It's just a cockroach, why making a storm in a teacup?
We have already committed to each other and will live together ever after.
Her essay is quite good, but some parts can still be improved upon.
It's just a small abrasion - not a big deal.
My secondary school has strict school rules. You'll get a 'demerit' on your record for growing your hair too long.
Someone impersonated as my boss on phone and ordered me to wire him a sum of money.
His book sells very well, I heard that a hundred thousand copies have already been sold.
Hong Kong action movies were famous in the world for the vast quantity and a strong sense of reality.
There must be two technicians when entering the lift shaft.
This is the only food we have left, remember to save it and eat sparingly.
Dont open the closet if you have G6PD deficiency. There are mothballs inside.
Oh dear! His face got hit and swollen!
You're already 18, so you've got to stop behaving like a child.
no money in the bank deposit, how the penniless guy falls in love!
The government has implemented many racial inclusion schemes to avoid ethnic minorities being marginalized.
Don't use public towels. They are disgusting.
I'll give up, please show some mercy.
The old woman's face is full of tear strains. That looks pitiful.
The riot this time was orchestrated by the reactionaries.
He likes baked food.
I am buried in work and I have no time to play with you.
The market price of this house is 30 million, you can't afford it anyway.
The color didn't quite stick last time I dye my hair and has to be done again.
I helped to pull some strings for a friend of mine who was dabbling with the property market, and now I receive a fine sum of commission.
I reserved a room in a hotel with my credit card.
I've fully recovered from flu. I don't need to take medicine anymore.
The view looking down from this tower is really beautiful.
The mother and her two sons go to yum cha on Sundays.
Don't just look at the phone, you need to watch your step!
My mum cooked the ham when she made sandwiches.
The soup is boiling hot. Leave it there and drink it later.
During hard times, my friends really helped me out.
Some say that you will get rich if you listen to your wife.
His sole purpose in this coup is to seize power.
The whole system is corrupt. It's not strange that innocent people are wrongfully accused.
Besides English, he also knows how to speak French and Japanese.
The WiFi is not working again. Why not restart the router?
We have known each other for 10 years, so we have a really close friendship.
On what basis can you accuse me of selling my girlfriend to a brothel? I mean, she is willingly and is more than happy to do it.
Let's fight one on one, I am not afraid of you!
Nowadays word-processing functions of computers offer different font types to choose from.
What will you do in the daytime tomorrow?
There are still uncertainties in the case of assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Not everyone is a superman with extraordinary power.
I have 3 siblings in my family.
I hate people who try to solve problems by fighting once they can't reach consensus with others.
Of course you have to wear red during New Year's, it's for good luck!
After watching the film, he expressed his feelings of further losing faith in humanity.
Each student needs to buy a new student handbook when an academic year starts.
He works as a temporary substitute worker in this company for $20 per hour.
The television at home is out of order. Help me fix it, please.
This needle is very sharp. Be careful not to hurt yourself.
How dare you harass kids! Your evil deeds can't be forgiven!
The company decides to open the source of their software.
This piece of steak has a rough texture. It doesn't taste good.
He always comes up with impractical ideas.
This piece of article interviewed and written by a senior reporter is well received.
Many people are lining up in front of the box office.
I don't know everything about him. Be careful.
Yue Fei's army of Song Dynasty is well-trained and well-disciplined.
I fell in a competitive examination this time.
The toy car he loves is lost, so that's why he's sad.
That girl looks so marvelous that every man's heart goes crazy and beats like throwing a stone into well.
No matter what era you're in, there are these "magnet people" who try to hog the limelight all the time.
This Christmas Tree is so tall, so pretty!
He is now renting a 150-square-feet studio apartment to live on his own.
The scale of the Gunpla is 1:144.
I hear someone singing from a distance.
He always says silly things.
Every year I need to visit the graves with my family in Mainland China.
Everyone entering and leaving this building are required to use a pass.
After leaving the student society, I will have lots of free time. I'm thinking of looking for a part-time job.
How could you dress so ugly today? We are going to a wedding banquet tonight!
Our strength right now are not enough to fight against other teams.
If you keep mumbling, I will beat you up.
I wish that there are 30 hours in a day.
I've tried so many times and failed, but I don't know what the problem is.
If you can get laid with that chick, I can do whatever you want.
Winter is coming. I want to buy a new pair of boots.
This bread is fresh out of the oven!
The outstanding supporting actor treated his acting career with a modest and humble attitude when alive.
No one knows where he has gone since he graduated from the university.
You will have your chance to speak after I have finished my sentence.
My younger brother talks carelessly! He told my mum who my boyfriend is!
Butterflies are a type of insects with bright and eye-catching colours.
He could wake up from a coma of twenty years, it's really inconceivable.
She is still seeing her ex. It's so gross.
This series of books is in six volumes, have you bought them all?
That's solely your problem.
I have already been pregnant for four months!
He switched jobs a few times, but never got the hang of any of them, so he went back to his old job.
Since you're like that, I won't say anything anymore, will I.
You need a proposal to attract investors to invest in your start-up.
These letter-writing sheets look good, where did you get them?
I'm now aboard and now coming. Wait for me for a while more.
His youngest son is only six months old.
Mother said we shouldn't drink soft drinks!
It's just drizzling, it's still plausible to play basketball.
He likes to gossip about people, many people have been discredited by him.
The most surprising thing is ...
The graduation ceremony that was supposed to be held in November last year got postponed until now.
You room is such a mess. Go and tidy your stuff.
He has some amazing massaging moves.
His dancing is so outstanding that sets others apart. He becomes the spotlight of the competition.
British sign language differs from American one.
Face contours of westerners are very clear.
In Japan, wasabi is usually put into the sushi pieces, but not to put in the soy sauce like us.
He is so strong and healthy that he often wears little clothes.
This guy looks untrustworthy. You need to be careful of him.
When the Hong Kong football team scores, fans cheer at the grandstand.
When you complete it, I will give you high reward for sure.
Woah, sitting on its laurels, yet another series of that movie is producing; I'm getting bored with that.
[ChatGPT]During these turbulent times, how can we just walk away?
He went to pick up a call, and the noodles were burnt when he returned.
I'm holding a replica of this famous piece of drawing.
Stop checking out girls from the corner of your eyes, you pervert.
The police has to disclose the information of the policemen involved in the violent assault of a suspect.
The 800,000 price cannot be real. This is ridiculously undervalued.
It's now wider inside the shop. Seats are also put. Customers can eat inside.
Some police officers disguised as buyers. The drug-dealers thus fell into the trap, and were arrested by the police while performing the transaction.
The cake is too hard, and not tasty at all.
He is of a fickle mind so his words cannot be rightly trusted.
Their personalities are not suited to each other, so they broke up.
This lawsuit may trigger a constitutional crisis and undermine governmental trust.
People who are optimistic and cheerful are very famous.
You squeezed your car into a blind spot without even checking the backup camera. You could have killed me!
To bear 4 packs of rice at a time? A piece of cake. I've even tried to bear 8 packs.
We will very carefully consider it.
thank you very much
I will go in by myself, bring in the gang at the smallest sign of trouble.
She is so determined and unforgiving to her ex. She said she wouldn't see him anymore, and she really hasn't.
A lot of Americans are still hostile to people of colour.
Who will inherit the house after he dies?
I would not let this pass if I were you. Just beat him up!
Why do you keep staring at me?
The theatre is built with bamboo.
Don't eat too much roe. It's not good for health.
He has a house full of children and grandchildren, how lucky he is.
He requested for a two-month leave, and wrote a book in one go.
You didn't visit the doctor after being cut in the worksite by galvanized sheet metal? You can get lockjaw from this!
As long as you are willing to work hard, you can succeed.
A passenger is having seasick and feeling unwell, can anyone who know first aid help?
1970s is the golden age of Cantopop.
Your painting is truly intriguing!
After seeing the film he starred in was such a big hit, he decided to follow it up by branching out into singing.
Going to Tuen Mun from Tseung Kwan O just for buying a pack of tissue? Do you have too much time?
Too much oil makes the fry pan too greasy.
The sweet soup of today is mung bean sweet soup and red bean sweet soup. Which one do you want?
This shirt is a bit tight. If it were a little wider, it would fit better.
The weather right now is alright, not too hot.
[ChatGPT]You're broke and you want to eat for free!
One must use expansion anchors instead of screws to install hanging cabinet.
This music soothes me so much.
You are so irresponsible.
Every time they quarrel I have to be the peace maker.
Her health keeps getting worse.
This airport is the gateway to the city.
As a mother, I do care about my kids' health.
After taking a bath, my whole body is warm and comfortable.
This primary school mainly focuses on language training.
He talks about unclear and ambiguous things, I really don't know what to do.
After his graduation from secondary school, he didn't look for jobs but loafed around all the time.
These are stolen goods, it's not so easy to get rid of them.
Why does she get more cake than me? It's so unfair!
In the election, the party I support won 20 seats.
CPI in the first quarter of 2020
You keep saying that you would buy me lunch. It's all talk and no action.
We are so happy tonight, there should be some celebration!
Ah-ming confessed to the murder.
The match starts at 6, spectators can enter the stadium from 5.
Memories are our most priceless treasures.
I would like to convert the guest room into a study room.
He is always cheerful and smiles a lot in front of people, but indeed he has concealed a lot of sorrow in his heart.
There are a lot of traffic signs in Hong Kong.
They seem like enemies at first glance, but there's actually quite a bit of chemistry between them.
There is no rubbish bin at all, but the place is very clean.
Today we have a new classmate, and we would like to invite him to introduce themselves first.
I didn't studied hard this semester, so that I got bad results.
He made a fuss about the cockroach's death near his door and his sorrow.
If you are too busy to escort your family member to revisit the hospital, you may hire someone from a social enterprise for that.
I'm sorry, I took a longer route because I am unfamiliar with the area.
He always steals the spotlight.
Lakes and seas soothe my mind; on thousands of rivers and mountains my shadow can be seen to drift by. I wave away the clouds but they do not scatter. More than that, I gain breezes all around.
Having high fever can be dangerous, go to the emergency room quickly!
With so many writing mistakes, how is this article ready for publication?
Today I'd like to share some tips about making a cake.
I'll try my best and won't disappoint you.
Her make-up is so thick that you cannot tell if her face is all rotten underneath.
I feel all stuffy as if a slab of stone is pressing against my chest.
House 1, please move forward.
You'd better watch out, so as to avoid failure despite your experience.
I don't feel well today, so I won't come.
My heart was throbbing with excitement.
After about a week, the decoration of the new house was finally completed.
I am dumbfounded at the news.
That genius kid unconventionally got admitted to an university at the age of fourteen.
She is only an illegitimate daughter of yours. She cannot have a share of our family assets.
That garbage school never encouraged its basketball players, but as soon as the team succeeded, the school rushed out to claim all the glory for itself.
I need to exchange money at the bank to prepare red packets.
The forecast is that tomorrow's temperature will drop to 5 degrees Celsius.
Our teacher's wife prepared soup for us.
to stick up a notice on the notice board
San Chuen Secondary School will face Yan Lei College in the basketball game.
We may just put aside the factors you have considered temporarily.
You should see the doctor early once you get ill. Don't miss the best timing for treatment.
In the end we went out for hotpot, and were there for nearly three hours.
He was a talented artist, moreover, a writer of some note.
In this concert,  the best hi-fi equipment is used to present the singer's voice.
It is far from certain whether the current Chief Executive would run for a second term.
You will find the public toilet if you follow this road till its end.
Keep away from slopes and watch for the landslip warning.
They have been on intimate terms recently. Maybe they just began the relationship?
Many people go to the Victoria Park to enjoy the bright full moon at Mid-Autumn Festival.
My mum took the family on once my father had passed away.
I haven't practiced for a long time and I am pretty rusty, skilful my ass.
Listening to music can help decompress.
It's natural for youngsters to think this way.
When faced with obstacles, we should work together to overcome them instead of fighting against each other.
Ah-chi has a broken nail on her left foot. She can't wear high heels.
Use more oil so your food won't stick to the pan.
It is quite saddening that the response of the public towards this experimental song was so-so.
The bed in the hotel is too soft that I don't sleep well. It's not as comfy as at home.
The restaurant downstairs closed down after only three months of business.
I'll take care of your children, so just go and have a good time and don't worry.
You are so arbitrary! You stepped on me and now you said I kicked you!
The peasants work busily till sunset.
I will never write simplified Chinese characters even when I am taking exams.
Hong Kong was a colony of the United Kingdom.
He predicted the title "Lemon Tea" correctly.
It's now been exposed. How should we handle it?
Nah, I didn't feel ashamed anyway so I gave it a try. Turns out that it works.
I live on the eighteenth floor; the administrator lives on the ground floor.
In a while I will go to pick up my son when he leaves school.
For perverts, watching young girls in swimsuits running around at the swimming pool is certainly a sexually fulfilling "spectator sport".
He always flaunts his knowledge.
It's great that you have such an attentive boyfriend.
The two brothers have now grown up, it's time for them to set up their own families.
I seldom follow my outline when writing.
Let's bow our heads and have a moment of silence for the victims.
You are a such a homebody, how come you are willing to meet old classmates today?
I measured the dress against myself and found that it didn't fit me.
You always have a sharp wit, no wonder you are rich.
I remember him. He was the first to stir up trouble.
What a pity I missed your performance!
The volleyball player misses a serve and the team loses a point.
A-chung is extremely lazy, not having a job for half a year straight.
Those feng-shui guys speak as if they were talking about solid, hard facts, but then after half an hour of that, they put up a disclaimer saying it's not a precise science! They want to be make bold claims but aren't willing to risk their reputation!
"Want a piece of chocolate biscuit?" "Nope." "Tss, fine, forget it."
The corpse was found naked from the waist up.
He lit a cigarette with a lighter.
How is environmental-friendly refrigerant added into air conditioners?
I have asked my friend to visit me. I need to buy more chairs for them to sit.
Documents are placed so messily on the boss's table. How can he find anything?
See how thick the spare tyre around my waist is! It's time for me to go on a diet.
He usually stays at home.
Blood thinners mainly consist of warfarin and novel oral anticoagulants.
Are you free this weekend?
My sister felt aggrieved because she was fired without reason the end of last year.
The melody is simple but touching.
It's the observatory's job to monitor the air pollution in Hong Kong.
Think about how to say it so it'll be easier on him.
This TV show has had such a high audience rating over the years only because of him.
Please pay close attention to the news reports from our channel.
The government gave strong support to this campaign.
I have just deleted the file.
Louis XVI ruled France from year 1774 to 1789, and was the last monarch in French history.
She works in a hospital as a nurse. Shift work is required.
Singing, dancing, and playing mahjong are some of the most common pastimes of elderly people in nursing homes.
He did so much for his job, hoping his boss will promote him. At the end, his boss promoted another guy. All his effort gave him nothing.
This company introduced a series of new products.
Please stop bitching. This is what cheap hotels are like.
The MTR car is so warm that coats can be taken off.
How can I treat my split ends?
I have been winning every gambling I was in. I guess I am quite lucky these days.
The flower show this year had many exhibits that were pleasant to the visitors' eyes.
This garden is such a quiet place in a tasteful manner. It is best for you to read alone here.
A-ming bought some cat food for feral cats.
I was unlucky last year. I hope I will be lucky this year.
People usually think that Cambodia is a remote and backward place.
I missed yesterday's talk.
She dresses up in a very poor taste today.
Drugs will ruin your whole life.
He cooks so well that everyone appreciates it.
Your son will be stressed out from all the things you make him learn.
Sun Yat-sen is admired by Chinese people because he overthrew the Qing government.
Being born under a lucky star is so good. You can get whatever you want.
I have kept the photo.
Mom'll buy a daffodil every year.
In recent years, more and more people pay attention to men's plight and stress
It's my fault and I'll bear the responsibility. Don't harass my wife or my son!
The developers sent their staff to possess the properties in the old district. The residents who got driven away expressed their desperation.
Chairman, since Councillor Lau hasn't arrived here yet, I request to adjourn the meeting for 15 minutes.
Kei is overweight, so the doctor ordered him to go on a diet.
He's really odd. He would start singing all of a sudden.
If you really are a friend of mine, you should help us out.
Don't lie limply on the floor; it's so dirty.
I actually find his ideas quite convincing.
He lost his voice because he spoke too much.
Please take the plates out to the living room.
What's there to show off. It's so easy even I know how to do it.
I brought a bargain yesterday.
She placed the money on the table.
I've heard that you've been promoted. Congratulations!
The flood has caused more than 100 people to go missing.
Hey, that's him, Siu-ming who's often on TV.
Siu Ming was caught by the Prefect for being late.
It is very expensive to bring a case to court, once one loses the case, they can easily go bankrupt.
The harbour is big enough for cruise ships to anchor.
There seems to be a change in public opinion.
I lost a lot of money in this stock market crash.
I made my girlfriend angry. I'm thinking of ways to make her happy again.
Don't look down on me just because I'm short.
I have a tight timetable this semester, I'm sure I'll be very busy every day.
Why did you call?
Don't you have a girlfriend? Why are you still flirting girls?
His memory of the time he got burnt has already faded.
He's all grown up and still doesn't know how to put on a tie!
Why were you so careless as to fall down? Let daddy comfort you.
Kai-chiu is a person of high attainment in literature.
He is someone who speaks straight out. If he said something which you feel being offended, please forgive him.
[ChatGPT]He starts strong but finishes weak, every time he leaves the door he's already falling behind.
Those girls are very close, they're always joking that someday they're going to buy a spinster house and live together [unmarried].
Your car hit over this way, are you killing?
It's so sweet of you to live in Ma On Shan but travel this far to send me home in Tuen Mun every time.
She doesn't cook usually so she's all fingers and thumbs when she has to cook today.
The amount of money he and I have altogether is 380 dollars.
These few proposals have their own disadvantages, actually we are just choosing the one which is less worse.
Loose electric wires were dangling from the wall.
It clearly says "buy one get one free". We should, of course, bring both of them to the cashier.
Please return the computer to the company.
When did you have your first sex and lose your cherry?
Just tell me if it hurts. I'll go softer then.
The roads are wet due to rain. Please drive carefully.
Can I own a car without any driving license?
It would be a waste of money to cure a retard like you.
You just get married to Kay, and that's how she would treat you like this for the rest of your life; bro, that's a suffer.
In the beginning of the reform of Cantonese opera, Sit Kok-sin introduced Western musical instruments including the violin.
You need to stick the stamp on the letter before you send it.
I've got nothing to do during the summer break, so I go to the game centre for a game marathon every day.
I booked a room with twin beds, but they give me a room with a double bed.
I could not sleep last night so I have severe dark eye circles today.
Having not played any ball games for such a long time, my skills has become rusty.
Can you make less noise when you blow your nose?
He couldn't bear the blow of divorce, and kept narcotising himself by consuming alcohol.
The biggest reason for a divorce is the unfaithfulness of the spouse.
Mei-kei and her boyfriend have been together for quite a long time; it's bordering on five years already.
I am not hard-hearted enough to turn down their request.
In general, undergraduate could complete their studies only when they study the required credits within 4 years.
She looks totally out of shape. Did she get dumped?
We have to find someone to take the rap.
Stand up, let me see what your dress looks like!
Why would there be people stealing underwear, being so perverted?
Remember to take all of your personal belongings.
If you go "all-in" in this deal, a win will make you, but a loss will surely break you and turn your life upside down. Think twice before you act.
Because when we were balancing the till, the sum was not correct, I had to compensate the missing amount.
The government can be tough when dealing with common citizens, but when facing the landlords it becomes a toothless tiger.
His career is reaching the apex.
After renovation, the system can run more efficiently.
Is there anything I can help you with?
The both sides were in a balanced situation at the last 10 minutes of the competition.
The baggage carousel in the airport was broken.
She was demoted for making a mistake.
All evidence points directly to Mr. Chan being the murderer.
See the chick next to the bar stand? She is sexy.
This race will start in three minutes.
[ChatGPT]After a series of turmoil, this great country is showing signs of decline.
He speaks Cantonese as well as the locals.
I don't have much interest in playing mahjong.
See, she's just skin and bones! She's as slim as a piece of firewood.
This pack of tea is absolutely a good gift for family and friends.
We provide diversified services for our customers.
[ChatGPT]He comes from a martial arts background, back in the day he could fight ten people at once.
The defendant changed his plea to guilty for a lesser punishment.
y mum likes to eat chicken feet, but my younger brother thinks it's awful.
You did such horrible things. I can't understand what was going through your head.
Wherever I go, my dog will always follow me.
Lady, can you give me a candy?
They said that it is fine no matter they can find a suitable day or not.
After the heavy rain, the water in the pond became quite turbid.
AIDS patients in villages in Henan were infected during the process of selling blood.
She went to boarding school, so she grew up to be a very independent person.
He doesn't complain anything even through he was treated by his girlfriend whatever she like. Probably they will not break up easily.
The police decided to implement crowd control measures as there are too many people come for watching fireworks.
I wonder if you owed me in the past life, is it now your payback time?
The frame of this car is of streamlined shape.
By putting it this way, you are defaming me.
Everyone has twenty minutes to present their findings.
The fireman promptly made a decision in the fire and grabbed the helpless child.
When the CE walks on the stage, a group of youths yell at him and are immediately carried away by the guards.
You are not a machine. Get some rest if you feel tired!
Today's newspapers published yesterday's robbery case.
Mike directed the MV of his own new song and asked his friends in the show industry to star.
The sofa is so old. If I were you, I would throw it away immediately. Why did you take it home?
Your hairstyle is so stylish.
The government purposed that all policies be made with people in consideration.
There is no use talking. How much money would you like to offer?
She is always talking about how patriotic she is, but how come she didn't donate any money for the flood?
I was so angry, but I restrained myself from quarrelling with him.
Both his father and mother are English teachers, so when he was young, he didn't realize he was being influenced by what he saw and heard, and now he speaks fluent English.
He couldn't make it to the toilet, and wet himself in the subway.
Whenever those rich men's wives attend events, they just compete with each other and flaunt the designer clothes and bags they have.
As the election is approaching, the candidates actively promote themselves by praising extravagantly.
I know you love listening to music but you don't have to make it so loud, do you?
Blocks 7 to 14 of the old Lei Muk Shue Estate are a part of the Government Low Cost Housing Scheme.
What a coincidence! I am having a class next door.
When I traveled in Taiwan, I just took two free rides from Taipei to Hualien.
No matter how I teach the kid, he still doesn't listen to me, what else can I do?
The prefects are particularly tight on catching offenders today.
The plane crashed, and many people died.
Take a look first and don't make a hasty decision
Our suppliers agreed to provide goods with lower prices.
He needs to sent his father to a home for the elderly since he couldn't take care of him.
This is a short circuit, because there is no resistor.
This drama sells for a huge profit overseas!
Overpopulation of this city can only be solved by addressing its root cause - controlling population.
At a distance, I noticed that he was walking towards us.
I am a straightforward person, and I don't like to beat about the bush.
Using computers in the old times needs to type commands.
The bus goes straight to Shenzhen.
How can I eat such oily food?
I am no one to blame, it's your own fault, don't bring me down.
I couldn't find a job after immigration and had to live on savings.
All the flats are so expensive. How are we supposed to enjoy our lives?
Your aunt is calling long distance from the States, don't make her wait on the phone!
Have you heard that their marriage has turned sour?
Kids like riddles a lot.
We will fulfill the commitments made during the election.
In Sociology, the Chicago School would often use a bottom-up approach to analyze urban phenomena.
You have big dark circles under your eyes. Did you sleep poorly last night?
When you feed your baby do you prefer breastfeed or bottle-feed?
Two explanatory notes are attached at the end of the document.
The manager has worked here for many years.
And she hurried again into the road, and again constrained herself to walk regularly and composedly forward.
It was raining cats and dogs when I attended the exam.
It's only about a hundred words after adding up all the English words, numbers and punctuations.
This family photo is so well taken! I'll print one for grandpa.
White water rafting is exciting.
The battery of my phone drains like water pouring. I used it for only an hour and it needs a recharge now.
Don't watch TV while doing homework.
He/She always give up before finish the homework, seems the homework can never been done.
Your swaggering action irritates people easily.
I am incomparably worse than you in terms of intelligence.
Fortunately your uncle, me, is good at recognizing new stars. I know you are a bastard from the start.
Screw you! Stop saying nasty things, otherwise I'll sue you for sexual harassment!
The two of them stuck to their own guns and found it difficult to work with others.
Don't rent that holiday flat.
This place is quite comfortable. I like living here.
I urgently need this sum of money.
Your body stinks! Go and take a shower right now.
No matter how long two parallel line stretches, they shall not cross each other.
Well, in fact I don't want to eat Japanese food, okay?
The central government appointed him as the chief executive.
How could you possibly get better if you don't go to see a doctor?
I suddenly recalled things from my childhood.
Father and son, they look so alike.
So you are a shotacon. No wonder why you always play with my younger brother.
The buyer demands the seller to reduce the price by 30 percent.
Remember to exchange for some Canadian dollars before going to Canada.
There is a mad man talking to himself in the library.
How dare you send that nobody in to negotiate with me? You think I'm a flunky?
This place is so desolate that we cannot even see a single person.
It's important to maintain your appearance when working in society.
You yawn that early? You slept late last night?
He is working hard and smart, thus a crucial member of our department.
I wrote a computer program to count the number of primes between 2 and 100000.
The lion runs away immediately.
How come you speak so not fluently?
He kept on saying that he was innocent, but there was nobody who could prove that he was telling the truth.
That's very generous of you to treat me a meal out of your pocket again.
This advertisement is so small and negligible. It's of no use.
Don't assume you're useless. You actually have an important role to play.
Are all the pieces of beef in hot pot well done?
Everybody is allowed to take a one-sheet cheat sheet to this exam.
The woman was so ugly but she won the beauty contest. The contest was obviously a fix.
Symphony can weaken the front-line morale, simply is a weapon that kills unnoticed.
Don't pretend to be busy, I know you are "office mocking" most of the time.
Stop littering, you litterbug.
I've tried so many times without success, I'm beginning to feel downhearted.
You know you don't have the makings of a great person.
Desserts are served only in the evening in many hotels, but here twenty-four hours a day.
He is just of the same generation as you. For what reason you have to serve him tea?
Don't be so disgraceful to laugh at other's body figure.
He's a reliable worker, you can count on him.
You're only going for an interview, do you need to do things in such a grand manner?
Although he knows he has made a mistake, he is stubbornly refusing to repent of it.
Please wash your hands with liquid soap and water to keep them clean.
It's beautiful there. You should go and take a look if you have the chance.
This year company's deficit has been accumulated to 1 million. / The deficit of the company this year has been accumulated to one million.
Despite speaking different languages, the two really hit it off.
I seldom go to the movies alone.
When I grow up I will marry her.
The cotton tree stands tall and proud on top of its own soil!
It's still quite early. You don't need to hurry.
He didn't lie? Who knows?
I saw this newly published magazine, so I bought it to take a look, out of curiosity.
It's me who won the round. He blamed he is not at his prime and refused to admit losing stubbornly.
You only live once.
Ah Ming and I are on the same trade.
There are no distinguishing marks on your ring. It will be difficult to find if you lose it.
It is the first time that the school exempted students from conducting admission interviews.
The yearly crazy sale has started once again!
He is rich and powerful. A mere working person wouldn't defeat him.
My mother worries that her illness will make her become a burden to me.
There's been a major system outage at my company today; I can't return for dinner.
You can give me a call at any time.
Turns out you can learn scuba-diving in Hong Kong!
This concert was absolutely spectacular. It's possibly unprecedented and unrepeatable.
She put a lot of little adornments at home.
Turning around gently after a silent gaze at you, from then on I would no longer appear in your life.
I need to withdraw $10,000 to pay the rent.
They wouldn't let me go unless I bought something.
Mona Lisa is da Vinci's masterpiece.
We are of the same age, so we get on well with each other.
It is written that there are six sorties per hour in this bus lane, but why isn't there any bus for twenty minutes?
We achieved today's aim.
Don't mind him, he is just joking.
She is very emotional during her period.
The Olympic Games will officially begin tomorrow.
This store doesn't have the piece I want, you playing with me?
It's so pretty here that you feel like you're in a television drama.
Though we can't be lovers this life, we can try in the next one.
Finally I can leave this inhumane company!
I met my best friends when I was in high school.
Boss, I want a bow of cow stomach noodle please !
Our department received yet another complaint, and we have to write a lengthy report to the boss again.
To be a model you generally need to have a tall and slim figure.
Some people resent being from a poor family and feel ashamed.
I'm just kidding. Why do you have to be so serious?
The peace talk has ended with failure.
They raised money and published a book last eyar.
Swaddling her will make her feel safe.
If you're unhappy, don't hold it inside. Spit it out.
Hey I saw you making out with someone today.
You can turn into the lane ahead, it is a short cut that you can save a lot walking.
Oh, I never found that you figure is quite good!
At night, when I can't sleep, I will stare at the ceiling and think.
to smuggle illegal immigrants with trucks
Old Mrs. Chan made my younger cousin her nominal daughter.
I am only protecting my own benefits, what's wrong with that?
The guests are gradually leaving the dinner party.
Pay cut starts this month. You'll have to live within your means.
He is really unlucky. He has all his things stolen.
I went to a specialty store that sells phones.
He spends half of his wage on cosmetics.
You don't have to capitalise the first character when writing chemical elements in a sentence, just leave it all lowercase.
It is a rare chance to meet Queen Elizabeth.
We have more than enough time and are supposed to manage to complete the project in time.
The key to his success is hard work.
I nodded off while standing and almost fell.
The martial law of most states stated that soldiers who deserted from an ongoing battle is to be executed.
These cakes do not taste good, do not buy them!
This windstorm kills a lot of people.
There are now a lot of accessible facilities in MTR stations. Even wheelchair users can access them easily.
A documentary will be shown on Pearl TV channel next Sunday night.
I can't bear his regular lateness and I won't wait for him anymore.
Beggar's chicken is made by baking it with dirt covering.
Working sluggishly will only twice the effort required with half the results.
You should expedite that trip to Britain to take advantage of the low value of the pound.
Are you doing a survey or asking for very personal details?
The girl was just joking. She didn't mean any harm.
The journalist chit-chatted with the security guard, trying to fish for information.
How many would stop by and appreciate the churches in our community?
The performance of this car is quite good.
The stadium was packed with fans and old glories to mark the 100th anniversary of the club's foundation.
I borrowed 30 dollars from you the day before yesterday. I will return the money now.
Watch out! This dog is very fierce!
My boss urges me to hand in the report every day. He's giving me such a headache.
[ChatGPT]A real man should bravely fight against the enemy. He would rather die on the battlefield than die of illness in bed, with his body wrapped in horsehide.
We went through the exit of Ocean Park with reluctance.
We teach children how to correct the mistakes so as not to repeat them.
The police caught a man without ID in Sai Kung, it is suspected that he is an illegal immigrant from mainland China.
Is it that delicious?! How come the queue is so long?!
There are always highs and lows, ups and downs in life.
The commentator suddenly advertised about an energy drink in the middle of World Cup broadcast.
Before we start the experiment, please sign on the consent form.
I look after my younger brother when mum is out.
Parents are always thinking about their children.
It is stated clearly below that one-month notice is needed for resignation.
Ah-yeung is doing well in his studies but he doesn't behave himself, so the teacher's perception of him become worse.
What is your telephone number?
You suck at math, man. Even a three-year-old kid could calculate faster than you.
So you know, saying "whatever" does not really mean whatever.
For a very short moment, I thought of helping you.
I travel by myself, so a single room should be good enough.
Oh, it looks like we're all out of rice in the house. Welp, no choice but to cook some noodles then!
You just barely passed all subjects, I wonder how you'll deal with the next grade.
The precipitation reaches 200mm. Lots of flooding are reported.
He got seriously sick, his body weight plummeted, and now he's so thin that he looks like a pile of bones wrapped in a layer of skin. It breaks your heart just to look at him.
God bless, the police caught the criminal.
It is not likely that he is telling the truth.
Kids love snacks.
The pot is very hot, be careful not to burn your hands.
He revealed the secret.
Don't be surreptitious, we should play fair and square.
After all, he is your brother. You should help out each other.
He came to rescue people while suffering from the heavy rain, with a brave and persistent mind.
This is an embarrassing matter. It is difficult to bring it up.
Today's weather is excellent for hiking.
Losing again in computer game. What the hell!
Years ago, we were best friends, but now I have not contacted her for years.
He finally achieved success after working in the company for so long.
He is always onto something malicious.
Don't find any excuse for being lazy!
Mai Po is the most famous wetland in Hong Kong. Many migrating birds land there for rest and food annually.
How can one enter the workplace without learning to observe different situations?
He hasn't got a single reply from the thirty job application letters he sent.
The goods are selling so well, there's no need to fear that you cannot earn money.
For those who belong to Tiger, this year is half good and half bad.
When I was small, my grandpa used to teach me how to use an abacus, but it was too long ago since my last touch on the abacus, I have forgotten most of it.
They opened up the wall between two rooms and got a bigger double bed.
It is Ramadan now, remember to fast from sunrise to sunset.
The show's host is witty and that's why many people love watching his show.
Among her sisters, she is particularly clever.
Every dollar that  your father brings home is earned from blood and sweat.
The new president hopes that he can lead the country onto the path of prosperity.
To hit this quota, we must make an extra effort.
I don't know what I did that make my wife mad. She keeps glaring at me.
Do you know what the unit digit of 9 to the power of 9 is?
Those Councillors with low attendance should have their wages cut.
The boss knew she was sick but he still asked her to come to work, that's so inhumane.
Thank you everyone for allowing me to speak here.
I think his performance is better than others.
A pack of egg contains 30 eggs, which is too much for me. I usually buy only half a pack.
The cake is so beautiful and tempting!
Every person of our generation speaks Cantonese.
He has a great ambition of making the world a better place to live.
Grandpa went for his morning exercise not long after sunrise.
Get out! I don't want to see your face!
She stops crying once she has a dummy to suck.
It is so freaking loud using a jackhammer to dig the road, why those workers don't wear any ear protection?
I will bring some chrysanthemums when I sweep the grave.
Just a normal restaurant but this article praised it as heavenly quality, no doubt it is an advertorial.
Sweet cream buns are rich in calories.
This is a one and only goal! Messi you are the best!
Police set up roadblocks to catch the escaped prisoner.
In spring, the weather changes between sunny and rainy, I don't know whether I should hang up the clothes or not.
The Chief Executive refused to withdraw the bill, and the citizens pursued this issue relentlessly.
The ratio of boys to girls is 2:5 in this class.
Thank goodness that I have recovered from this cold, by merely drinking a lot of water, even without taking any medicines.
Hang the banner as high as you can!
I need to pay a lot this time.
Siu mei, siu mei, buy siu mei in a large size.
The Christmas lighting ceremony would be held in Tsim Sha Tsui.
Babe, I've waited for so long. Can we have sex once tonight?
This is the last match he will play before he joins another team.
I've waited for you for fifteen minutes.
Please help me set a side light, that should bring a better effect for the photo.
She just filed for bankruptcy, yet I saw her parading herself like a socialite the very next day, what a boastful bluff she is.
Have you eaten a mooncake with red bean paste?
His extreme views are probably worth re-considering.
Don't have icy food if you are coughing!
With friends like these, who needs enemies?
They have deep hatred for each other. They never talk to each other.
After an epidemic of more than two years, many countries in the world have started to open the borders again.
He is very conservative; he won't agree with cohabitation.
He is really meticulous at work, a reliable fella.
The government has issued a notice on the renewal of hawker license.
They are very close!
The frying pan works quite well.
It's turning cool tomorrow. You need to put on more clothes.
Recruiting someone responsible is a must. We never recruit someone just with a pretty face.
I've stuck a stamp on every envelope.
Weld two iron plates together.
Hit him hard! Don't have to accommodate for him.
Everyone was still there, so I continued to work.
He may meet your standard but definitely not mine.
My cat's thighs are so fat.
Although he looks roguish, he is unbelievably kind. You can't judge him by his face.
He committed "handball" in the penalty area and his opponents were given a penalty kick.
You lent him such a generous sum despite his compulsive gambling habits; what a friend he has!
There are so many chores for the household and it makes me really hard to step out of the house.
Senior management hinted that the company might reduce staff.
There isn't enough evidence to convict him now.
A marriage requires a couple to love each other.
Ah-yeung keeps his position by using such despicable acts so he deserves no respect.
Good wine needs no bush. The barbecued pork you sell is so delicious - you don't need to fear that no one appreacites it.
$1500 fine for litteringno clemency even if you are an elderly woman!
The judge commuted the sentence from 3 year to 1 year, considering the defendant mental status.
It's the first day of the lunar New Year. Let's go and visit our relatives!
A 3000-year-old buried city has been unearthed.
Last summer they went to Australia.
It only takes 15 minutes to get there if you take the red minibus.
My mother has been working too hard washing up dishes at the Chinese restaurant, causing her to have trigger fingers.
Tourism boosts economies and enables countries to thrive.
Hurry up and check in at the hotel counter!
During the Lunar New Year, the stock market will stop transactions for two days.
Charging salaries tax in Hong Kong depends on the geographical source of the income. It has to be paid if the source is Hong Kong.
I just made a misstep and nearly fell off the stairs. Luckily I grabbed the handrail so I am fine now.
I'm the one who called you. [in a tone implying the speaker thinks it should be quite obvious]
We need to finish the race within the time limit.
Putting a stack of books on the ground, do you want to trip over people?
Fox in fairy tales is always the villain.
Adolescence is the transitional period from childhood to adulthood.
The audience gradually left the stadium after the show ended.
He's lived here all his life.
Japan and the USA have been allies since mid-20th century.
Stop doing such pointless things all the time!
When I stand I always shift my centre of mass to put the weight on my right leg.
Foreseeing that he has a low probability to win, Siu-ming decided to withdraw from the election.
She doesn't like the fact that she has a big face, so she wanted to save up some money for a plastic surgery in Korea.
I've finally got their reply.
When children play and get carried away, it is very easy for them to have accidents.
if the handle is broken, you won't be able to open the window.
Every year he donates a lot to the Community Chest of Hong Kong.
The questions last year appear in the final exam this year.
He's very generous; he gave each of us a gold pen as a Christmas gift.
The students aren't docile, and that's very annoying to the teacher.
He expects that the future of the property market would be promising.
In normal situation, there are no noble gas compounds.
The article is inconsistent; I don't know which part can be trusted.
Some people criticise everything they have laid eyes on, even if there is nothing wrong.
He was just afraid that your paper might be blown away by the wind.
In many situations, bystanders are the ones who know the cause of the whole thing.
Is your car insured?
I still have no idea where to eat tonight.
Working for the government means a stable income, as well as good benefits.
The police was divided into two teams, attacked and arrested the criminals.
Once you buy a book, you should check if there is any damage or missing page.
Is the dress really that bad? I only bought it because my boyfriend said I looked good in it.
The television sets nowadays are getting slimmer and slimmer.
In our society, it's every man for himself. In order to succeed, you must improve your competitiveness.
Who is the guy that waved at you?
Echoing others' words in your own essay without attributing a source is plagiarism.
His has poor skin, so he applies lots of foundation.
I gazed at her back, feeling down.
6 eggs, 2 teaspoons of sugar, and some orange peel, then you finish off by thickening the sauce with corn flour.
The bank closes on Sunday. You have to get your money through the automatic teller machine.
As she's ordinarily a good student, I never thought that she committed a theft. I was petrified.
Ohhhh, I can't take it anymore! I gotta pee!
The girl who died of a motor vehicle accident donated her heart, liver, and kidneys. What an act of love.
We should prepare a contingency plan.
I left quickly before he arrived.
If you can't find something you need to search with patience, acting recklessly gives no help at all.
The recent interview with Lee Teng-hui was quoted out of context by the Nationalist camp.
What I'm saying is: all of you are rubbish.
He's wearing the shoes I gave him.
The textiles and garment industries prospered at that time.
Your headdress is pretty nice, where did you buy it?
Don't be fooled by his timid appearance. He is actually a champion runner, which is surprising.
Programmers may also earn six-figures.
I want to find an expert to teach me traditional Chinese painting.
She likes performing, especially solo.
Let me sleep in the living room so that you can sleep in my room.
Develop and scan only. Don't need to print.
I haven't seen my girlfriend in ages. I really wanna ravish her.
Tonight, in the video arcade, let's fight until one wins!
There are about a sextillion water molecules in a drop.
His has a very serious hair loss, he almost becomes blad.
This picture looks neither realistic nor abstract; I don't quite know what this is.
I know that man. He lives above our home.
Five students are absent today.
A person of no fear is thus unbeatable.
She was firm and she would not even give a dollar off.
Graduation is a happy occasion. Don't cry.
You can't change your words.
The Kong girls nowadays are unwilling to sleep with the corrupt police officers.
Wow. Your stuff has been piling up like a mountain. Better sort them through and tidy them up.
Our football team was utterly defeated by others.
You'd better keep a distance away from me.
He says flowery and pretty words, no one knows when his praise is real and when is not.
You'd better make it quick if you are breaking up with someone.
Children should not shout at their parents.
The murderer hiding in Australia would be extradited to Hong Kong finally.
It is natural that all parents are concerned about their children.
He was so unclear that no one could understand what he was trying to say.
The seafood restaurant was founded in 1962.
The government claims their interpretation of the basic law is the legitimate one.
Her smile in the picture is sparkling.
He has social anxiety and doesn't know how to start a conversation.
This lozenge will make your throat feel icy.
If he refuse to use a condom, don't have sex with him.
The value of a parking space is equal to half of a flat's.
You finally show your evilness. What is your aim?
Everyone sweated profusely soon under the burning sun.
The observatory announced the strong monsoon signal.
I bought a paddling pool for my doggy.
He is very worldly-wise, he won't disturb you two during your quiet time together.
I hereby declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, the information supplied by me in this form is true and correct.
The shark took a huge bite of the dolphin and tore half of its body away.
The epidemic is less serious now, no more new cases discovered.
Our marriage was ended by a third person.
He foresaw the bankruptcy of Greece a long time ago.
I don't wanna talk about the side issues of this matter, anyhow we finally become friends again like we were before.
Nowadays many children do not have siblings.
You got full marks for every subject. You are amazing!
Wow! That's really mean for him to say something like this!
With such little resources, either speed or quality has to be sacrificed.
Only girls are allowed to come in after eleven o'clock.
We have no idea why his phone cannot receive messages.
"The green T-shirts are out of stock, do you want a blue one?" "No problem, I'll take that."
The cat toy seems cute.
[ChatGPT]After the younger brother was born, I fell out of favor.
He's ruminating about how to escape in his mind.
In the sixties, a lot of churches set up schools in Hong Kong.
He always has extreme thoughts.
Today you've arrived so early - that's rare!
I drink sometimes.
Bleh, you are here being picky without giving any suggestions. How about doing this on your own?
Having such a farce is really very disgraceful.
As her citizens, we have to devote ourselves to Hong Kong.
A lot of interludes are put in this play.
A-chung always misses his mother in Thailand.
The last trip of the tour concert of the "God of Songs" is approaching.
He works for another record company.
Two million dollars for an apartment? It would be so cheap only in your dreams!
My menstrual cycle is not stable. I haven't had a period for more than 2 months.
The answer is similar as we round off the sum.
Doing in this way is just for convenience.
This company adopts such reward system with equal shares regardless of work done, who will work hard for the company?
After the police's in-depth investigation, that murder case was finally solved and the murderer was caught.
A chicken egg needs 21 days to hatch and become a chick.
Many people remain reticent because of their economic interests.
I was designated by him to go.
Even you guys force me, I would not surrender. I am ready to defeat you with self-sacrifice in the worst case.
Yeung Hau Temple in Tai O had its status "upgraded" from a "Grade 1 Historic Building" to a declared monument.
I will feel shame if I find her again.
Hang Seng Index dropped 6 percent today!
Your performance sounded pretty good, but you do still have some room for improvement.
Please don't make any excuse to skip classes. It's a waste of tuition fee.
Wai-wai has lived in Australia for years so she is not familiar with Hong Kong cultures nowadays.
Could you please say it more clearly? Don't slur your words.
This is the owner of the parrot.
This fall, iPhone 6S will be available on the market.
The company started to show a trend of decline.
Use a cloth to soak up the water!
People say that he went to pursue a PhD.
This method is quite controversial.
This new sports car follows the style of the previous design.
Instead of answering questions, he just sat there like a moron.
Humans and chimps share over 98 % of their DNA.
HKMA is the central banking institution of Hong Kong.
Centaurs are only a kind of imaginative creature.
[ChatGPT]Going on a trip with someone and having to deal with their constant questions and complaints is so annoying! I'd rather sell them some street food and be done with it.
His clothes today are so funny; those gaudy colours make him look like a clown.
Hey, don't miss calls tomorrow morning.
People from our circle seldom have a meal together.
Mr Ho is suffering from a tragic disaster, he couldn't sleep till he was plastered.
To take part in the lucky draw, write down the correct answer and send it to us together with a stamped envelope.
Siu-ming studies very hard, finally catching up with the English proficiency a Primary 5 student should have.
Don't interfere in my work! If not, what shall I be doing?
It's of utmost importance for civil servants to be upstanding.
You can't sing! To join the singing contest is to make a fool of yourself.
He has doubts about Hong Kong's future.
His condition is very serious, please prepare yourself for the worst.
I have just scratched someone's car and lost a couple grand out of the blue.
Players who pre-order can get the bonus mentioned above.
A-chung babbled something about having placed an enchantment in the room barring me from entry. Nonetheless, I got inside with a single step, no problem.
These few minutes have carried the voices of millions.
This finding is very useful for our research.
Please wear your helmet before entering the site during the construction period.
Don't ever try to borrow money from a loan shark.
If you want the meat to defrost faster, you need to wash it under running water.
People of another culture do not understand our idioms.
"Romeo and Juliet" is a masterpiece of William Shakespeare.
You rushed over to her with a single message from her, and just ignored me completely. What am I to you?
This museum has a collection of many valuable cultural relics.
By the time you give birth and raise your own children, you will understand your parents' mindset.
Have you seen Dayo Wong do stand-up?
Hey dude, your 2-dollar change!
[ChatGPT]He looks proper on the surface, but he's open-minded inside.
He helped himself to my wallet.
The car suddenly rushed onto the sidewalk, injuring a woman.
If you don't pay the ransom, I will kill the hostage.
All the patient's veins are hard that it is difficult to draw blood.
Many people move to the United States to look for a new beginning.
I haven't taken a single glimpse of what he wrote.
He tends to hold a grudge. You'd better watch out for him.
Water spinach is a seasonal vegetable for summer because of its detoxifying and heat-clearing properties.
The water looks contaminated.
He struggled a lot to make up his mind about filing a divorce.
You nasty bastard always go clubbing !
Is the ministry of finance capable of handling the unprecedented financial crisis?
Since your boss is easy-going, I think it's not a problem for you to take a half-day leave.
This line of perfume smells like disinfectant and were packed in plastic bottles, even dollar stores won't stock them.
Did you participate in the Umbrella Movement back then?
He intended to mock someone else, but it turned out that he was wrong; he totally made an exhibition of himself.
Your eyes are always feeling painful, why don't you go to ophthalmology for a check up?
The wealthy do not necessarily have a wealth of happiness. / The materially rich are not necessarily spiritually rich.
I used 30000 dollars to rent this villa.
His dog suddenly went mad yesterday and bit its master.
Any good method to cure bad breath specifically?
The younger generations excel the older, for the times they are a-changing.
You just got ripped off! And you thought it was such a good deal.
This jacket is one of the most durable on the market because of the fine selection of fabric used.
That boss' wife is really grumpy, she scolds the workers every day.
The reason for our loss in this competition was that you were so egotistic and failed to cooperate with teammates.
It's this vermin again! Not again!
I am sick today, perhaps I should eat a bowl of plain rice congee for my lunch.
You should see a plus sign on the screen. Click on it and you will be able to add a new friend.
All these are just my fantasies.
You are not handsome, and you can't fight, you have a complete failure in life.
He was cursed with Gong Tau during his trip.
The space shuttle landed on the Kennedy Space Center one last time.
Spending that much on free-to-play games, you may run out of lunch money.
Our boss has been replaced and so will we. You'd better think about any alternative.
Carpark need at least 2400mm headroom.
How far would a person go to make a living?
refined on the outside, but perverted and desperate on the inside
This article is simple, fluent and has an unique point of view.
We don't have much time.
This child is so shy; he doesn't dare to greet anyone.
The company will defray all your expenses.
The soup is alright, eat more.
If one really wants to contact me, a phone call will do.
The typhoon is coming, the Observatory said no. 8 typhoon signal will be hoisted two hours later.
The stocks I bought in 2008 are now very faraway from their 'home-town'!
The company have just held a charity ball to improve their reputation.
After his murder, he went to the police station and confessed his guilt.
He was kidnapped and brought to an unknown place.
According to the law of Hong Kong, nobody can sell tobacco to underage persons.
To hide his identity, he dressed like a woman.
'I hurt my leg!' 'Well, it serves you right for being so naughty!'
Speaking of it, I disagree.
Don't listen to those finance actors. Make your own investment decisions.
I exposed a murder case.
Doctors who have just graduated have to receive clinical practices for a year before they can formally/officially practise medicine.
The rise of industrial automation is forcing changes. Hong Kong industrial manufacturers cannot stay away, but either to develop new strategies or to close.
This apartment is haunted so it's unoccupied for a long time.
Sai Kung has many bays of various sizes.
During the cold war many countries chose their side, forming a great East-West divide.
Holy fuck, I laughed my fucking ass off.
I restrict myself to one cup of coffee per day.
The phone is so cheap. It might be a second-hand item.
You should think before you speak.
Bald could be cool too.
Since he had made some changes to the document secretly, the company lost a big sum of money.
Fine, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Let's fight!
We went for a Chiu Chow late supper after after the movie, so it was already quite late when I got home.
His principle is to always trust your friends.
Dude, you drive so poorly! Are you trying to kill yourself?
I spent the whole day with four 7-year-old kids. I am now exhausted.
I have bought a new shirt. What do you think?
Durians smell so bad. I don't know why you like eating it so much.
Last night Typhoon Signal No. 8 was issued. Strong winds blew some containers into the sea.
You spent all the time and money in college but now you are brainwashed and doing direct selling. Did you learn crap from school?
You must keep your promise.
She's been adorably chubby since she was small.
Can you do me a favour and look after the child for me, please?
Are we really friends?
As he entered the show industry, he was already liked by the audience very much.
The recent indecent assault has drawn the entire city's attention.
The car is aging, it needs maintenence.
Tall buildings are ubiquitous in towns.
The boy is very naughty, he always grabs the others' toys.
It is not a good time to have meal now.
They passed the document around at the meeting.
The boutique does not have many customers. The employees don't have much work to do every day, other than just being there.
We are in the same school and he is junior to me. But we are not that close.
For her, cooking two ordinary dishes is just to show a tiny bit of her talent.
His falsification was exposed and surely he is going to be fired.
He is unheedful of advice and continues to be lazy. He won't have a bright future.
After winning Mark Six Lottery, he became rich suddenly.
We are delighted to announce the launch of our website in English!
Kimchi is an essential side dish when eating Korean cuisine.
We've been living apart for almost a year. It's time for us to start preparing for divorce.
Stop procrastinating!
The vacancy has already been filled.
He likes to threaten others with force to do something illegal for him.
CCP's Politburo Standing Committee typically consists of 5 to 9 members.
It's quite near. Let's take the Ding Ding!
Mankind hasn't yet found any reliable pre-earthquake signs.
Who are you? How dare you be so unruly in my place!
Can you change the frame to a darker colour?
She married a wealthy husband and now she is a lucky wife living the good life.
The financial sector can only prosper in a diversified and thriving business environment.
This webpage about hitting on girls is useless!
Your IQ is lower than mine with a large margin!
What the political parties in HK are good at is stealing glory from others.
The road is jammed, it is better to walk.
Road closures ahead; drivers are advised to use alternative routes.
This writer's works are full of old-fashioned and hollow viewpoints and cliches, no wonder he has no fans.
Guys with chest muscles are so damn cool.
Your friend is working in the A brand sport shoes distributor, can you help me to make a connection on procurement of a batch of limited edition sport shoes?
Man without dreams is no different from a salted fish / dead person.
This credit card is widely accepted around the world.
To enhance the unified image of our company, staff should wear uniform to come to work starting from next month.
This is a serious accusation!
I smothered a wonderful opportunity!
You think what I have told you is gibberish, don't you?
Last week, Ming almost pushed his girlfriend to the brink of breaking up with him. He has since been scratching his head on how to mend the relationship.
Hyperopia results when the length of an eyeball is too short.
The baggage conveyor belt in the airport was broken.
This meal comes with bread. Shall I bring it out now?
His only interest is fishing, sitting next to the sea.
You weren't like that before! You've changed!
He may look silly, but in fact he's quite smart.
Anyone listening can now phone in.
This passage is hollow. It's just empty verbiage.
The salesperson is quite helpful.
The boss is a nice person. All employees have nothing but praise for him.
The actors are rehearsing the play.
Can you just shut up, please?
Only at this place is there such kind of local flavour.
His look is not very good.
Those old pricks are always bossing people around, without actually knowing how to do stuff!
As this year's Chung Yeung festival falls on a Sunday, there will be a deferred holiday on Monday.
I'm reluctant to speak English, because it takes a long time for me to find the words to express myself.
Taking a warm shower before going to bed is good for sleep.
I like eating the thin crust of browned crunchy rice in clay pots.
The ball game was rained out. What a bummer.
I saw a middle-aged guy grinning at a young girl lustfully when I was on MTR yesterday.
Many commentators think highly of Kau's Corporation's long-term development.
You dress so MK, and even your hair too.
I raced him to the church.
I really don't deserve your kindness.
You are wetting yourself at school even at eight. How embarrassing!
How could a robbery take place in broad daylight?
Most people in Chinatowns speak Toishanese and Cantonese. There is no need to worry!
My mum always laughs at my broad forehead.
Send my regards to grandma when you have time.
It's wet everywhere after the rain. You can't play the slides for now.
[ChatGPT]A real man should strive to achieve greatness.
Those bony people always complain about themselves. Have they thought about fat boys like us? How are we supposed to feel when we hear them complaining?
I would feel bored when I am not working. I was born to toil!
You use the highlighter for every line. How is it different from not highlighting?
This film can be said as an epoch-making masterpiece.
A: "What kind of profession are you in?" B: "I am a merchant."
We are going to have an afternoon tea at The Peninsula, are you joining us?
This restaurant has to procure a lot of fresh fish every day.
Your aim is so good! Being able to hit the target with one shot, even with it being so far away.
They are reclaiming land in this area, and will probably build some buildings in the future.
The pork belly is fried to be so crispy.
He is a pragmatic person and seldom talks about ideals.
Many people on the beach were drowned by the sudden tidal wave.
To practice calligraphy, the writing brush better to be hold upright.
Be a scoundrel before being a gentlemanwe have to clearly state the ground rules first.
She doesn't have much flaws, just too kind.
The overall taste of the food is not bad.
Our views are different. We are not snatching your votes.
If you go by the highway, since there are no traffic lights, you will get there by 15 minutes.
He stepped on the touchline; there will be a throw-in.
She always pouts if she doesn't get what she wants.
If someone bullies you, you have to fight back, you can't always be so weak and feeble, right?
Let's come up with a good idea to solve it.
It is impossible to sell a flat with a registered warning at the Land Registry.
New moms need to adjust their lives in many ways, and that will build up a lot of pressure. It is better to hire a post-natal helper to help out.
Don't hesitate anymore. Just go ahead!
A-chung accepted a bribe while acting as an official, and ended up imprisoned.
Even though many people think my job is useless, I did not at all give up because of that.
He finally defeated his nemesis.
Don't just add salt when frying vegetables, add a tiny bit of sugar, it will become much tastier.
Shit it's a dead end. The gang is chasing just behind!
A family each month miscellaneous items' expenses is not small!
The body does not rotate only when the torques are balanced.
Have you ever thought about our future?
The shop is going to close down, so they are finding someone to take over the business.
Frankly, she's not that pretty.
Wow, your way of playing is so tricky that even the computer has been trapped by you.
In foreign countries, it is nothing surprising that a family owns two or three cars.
The landslide had buried about 200 houses.
It's such a joyful day today. Let me recite a poem for everyone.
I hate it when drivers don't use their blinkers. I thought they were going straight but they instead suddenly turned.
Whoa, that's one beautiful hut! I wouldn't mind living there completely cut off from the world for a month.
Parents, please come and pick up your children on time.
The footbridge system in Tsuen Wan is very well formedaccessible enough to all directions, while not too complex.
Criticizing people publicly is obviously challenging them.
You eat my stuff again, I will beat you!
Once he realized he aggravated the jock at the next table, he cowered in fear and dared not say anything.
The police have found a large quantity of firearms in Sha Tau Kok.
Working for ten years, he has become a famous hairstylist in Hong Kong.
Customers at fast food shops have to carry the trays back to their seats themselves.
You couldn't revive the dead even if you drowned yourself with guilt.
Property prices skyrocket by 30% this year.
The Body-in-the-Box case is the first court case using evidence derived from scientific identification only.
You are so irresponsible when it comes to love. It's so hard for me to continue my relationship with you.
These are not real money. These are just props.
Getting scolded over nothing? I don't think you will take that lightly.
If my grandmother were alive, she would be very happy.
I place my hopes on the next generation to  bring energy to the society.
Brain aneurysms are like ticking time bombs, which can rupture at any time causing bleeding inside the skull.
You need the money, just accept the cheque.
Stop phubbing at office! HR manager comes to preach again!
For the sake of sending our son to study in an overseas university, we can only tighten our belt.
A woman stands in the middle of a crossroads so the vehicles keep giving her honks.
The tables in exam hall are very steady.
I hate tying my shoes, and switched to wearing slip-ons.
We don't always eat out. Only occasionally.
Remember to bring a thin jacket with you.
He was dragged to a dark corner and beaten up badly.
I am still in touch with all my fellow committee members after over ten years.
The busker sings so well that the passers by are halted and listen to her.
Who is the father of the baby. Tell me now!
This wedding ceremony is simple yet solemn.
Don't weep, it's not good for others to see this.
Can I have the menu please?
You may borrow an umbrella from the school office.
The length of a human's blood vessels can surround  the earth two times.
They sell tea from generation to generation.
You change your mind so often. You'd better tell me after thinking more clearly.
I lost a lot because of the financial tsunami.
There's a car coming! Get out of the way quickly!
How lucky of you that your son-in-law treats you so well.
The Confucius I'm talking about is a book, not a person. Title marks should be added to it.
Many more people would bring a tent to picnic.
That department store is having a sale and people are flocking for it.
You have so much to say, but none of it is constructive.
His cat has grown much fatter after getting neutered.
This bicycle kick of his is really superb.
This tradition must be passed down to the next generation.
Delays of railway service have already been recurring.
Is it me reading it wrong or is it you writing the resignation letter?
As you have just asked me, I'll answer you straight then.
He was cursed with Gong Tau during his trip.
Those homeless people are deserving sympathy.
Hong Kong secondary school students have to take Liberal Studies as a compulsory subject.
Don't you think you're dressing up too casually for a wedding banquet?
Every act by a celebrity will attract public attention.
It's tea time, what will we eat?
We shouldn't make fun of others' shortcomings.
With medical advancements over the next one to two thousand years, perhaps man can conquer mortality and gain eternal life.
Root out obstacles so as to prevent future trouble.
We've been gradually improving our educational quality.
Let me prepare the meal today!
May ran with all her might towards the lake.
Kids like to act mischievously in public
This film is based on this fiction.
Mom, can you help me convince Dad to buy me a car?
The girl drank way too much last night and lost her virginity with no memory of it.
Seventy-one sounds imperfect. How about rounding it off to 70?
I'm just an ordinary office clerk.
If you had not drank the liquor on my behalf, I definitely wouldn't be able to leave.
You don't even know how to do it; you're just being a hindrance and causing trouble for others.
I help you wholeheartedly, why do you treat me like that?
Our coming academic forum will feature speeches by scholars from all around the world.
So have you ever watched the original work? They're not the same.
If you give up now, all your efforts will be wasted.
There is a lot of public concern over the amendments.
The harmony part is crucial in this song. Without it, the song will be monotonous.
Try to do something to please her. After a while, she'll naturally forgive you.
You don't want to sleep at night, and you can't wake up in the morning.
Guests, please take your seats according to your seat numbers.
This is not a court! We don't need evidence!
Siu-ming eats too many sweets so he has tooth decay now.
A-chung babbled something about knowing necromancy. I knew he's bullshitting from the start!
Better to believe it's true than to not believe it at all.
Don't do anything illegal!
Suspended working platforms are widely used in Hong Kong, for installing glass curtain wall systems, cleaning windows and decorating building facades.
He is isolated by his classmates.
He doesn't look right lately. I suspect that he's had a relapse.
I know few Japanses dialogues only, not really fluent.
This film is a realistic portrayal of life; its story is something people can relate to.
I do not know the plural form of the word "foot".
The only way to succeed is through hard work and dogged perseverance.
Nowdays people seldom enquire about their neighbours' well-being.
We will try our best to cater to the needs of customers.
I've always been weak at geography.
Once the new party took office, the former government officials were purged left and right.
The stock market is like a pool of stagnant water that no one dares invest.
Our strategy is to defend steadily and to attack suddenly.
Even after a while day of work, only a tiny bit has been got.
The teapot is not well-made, it leaks when I pour tea from it.
I'm so happy today! I joined a lucky draw this afternoon and waited for calling the numbers. When it came to the third prize, the person wasn't there and it became my turn after the second draw, how fortunate!
The factory production has halted because many labours have resigned.
The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine.
I have to find the file, it's very important.
Nowadays, parents are very willing to buy clothes for their children.
If you don't know how to go there, you should ask for directions.
There will be intermittent closure if tunnel has too much traffic.
Let's talk directly and not waste time.
Remember to do a medical check-up every year.
He sweats a lot - moves around a bit, and he's soaking wet from head to toe.
Don't slander me if you don't have any concrete evidence.
My dad likes teaching people how to distinguish whether a person is good or not.
I wasn't speaking seriously, but it turned out correct?
Teachers will often require students to sit cross-legged during PE lessons.
There must be a long queue whenever Japanese cosmetics firms first launch their counters in Hong Kong.
The rhythm of the song is very lively.
My status is so low that I'm afraid to speak out.
Other competitors in the industry have started doing online PR. We cannot be complacent anymore.
Whey is one of the ingredients of Ovaltine.
Mix starch with water on the side for later use.
He is talented in acting. However, since he doesn't have close relationship with the creative director, he doesn't get to lead in TV dramas.
Beware of the shutter count when you purchase a second-hand camera.
Lock the door and windows before you go out in order to avoid any loss of your property.
To some extent, copying lines can be considered a form of corporal punishment.
Wow! Why are you sweating so heavily? It's only 9 degrees outside.
Guys. Stop goofing off. Get back to your seat and get to work.
When ice meets heat, its state will change.
He lands with his heel while running.
His entire family is addicted to gambling. They even go to Macau to gamble sometimes.
The movie sends shivers down one's spine.
I reasonably believe that he does it.
"Are you kidding me? You left your passport at home? You're supposed to be going on a vacation..."
Psst, the teacher is staring right at you the whole time. For the love of god, please put that comic away.
This child is smarter than an adult.
He finally managed to persuade his boss to give him a pay rise.
"Could you graduate this year?" "Haha, yes, I just passed by luck."
What do you guys think. Do long-distance relationships work?
This singer announced his retirement before, and now he is back on stage again.
Those reveries sometimes caused him to utter odd sayings.
This new singer may have just started her singing career for two months, but her name is already known by many!
As he married a spiteful and saucy woman, he will suffer for the rest of his life.
He will certainly get an A.
That's why I'm not going to listen to him.
The toll for the Tai Lam Tunnel is expensive, why not use Tuen Mun Road instead?
These two handbags seem to have little difference, I don't know which is better.
The car's rear wheels lifted off the ground during the turn. Luckily the car did not flip over!
The recording of this interview has been saved on the computer already!
The terms are broad and the content lacks substance.
He has recently had delusions of being followed.
The company is not doing so well, and our bonus this year is going to shrink for sure.
Which flavor of sweet dumplings do you like? Sesame or peanut?
Sigh! I shouldn't spent all my time helping, that caused my homework unfinished, I shot myself in the foot this time.
There are millions of visitors entering Hong Kong every year.
Cheese, lettuce and sesame seed, everyone loves it and can't resist.
Everybody has weaknesses. You shouldn't be too demanding to others.
The pilot must keep an eye on the data shown by flight instruments.
He hit his head and received three stitches in the hospital.
Don't try to force the window open if the hinge is stuck.
Whether others are happy or not is none of your business.
After you married my son, you have the responsibility to extend our bloodline.
Euniches intervened politics and affected the political situation of the country.
Instead of a digital single-lens reflex camera, I want a compact one.
This time I really lose everything.
We plan to spend our holiday in Hawaii.
Down with traitors, down with imperialism!
The noise is about to drive me crazy.
Apart from genetic and chromosomal disorders, nutritional deficiencies as well as infections during pregnancy are causes of fetal anomalies.
Thank you so much, you're a kind-hearted person.
During the exam, Ms Chan stares at the students, making sure they're not cheating.
An suspicious day should be chosen for wedding.
Last year, the Airport Tunnel and the Cheung Tsing Tunnel had an average daily flow of 60,000 and 83,000 vehicles, respectively.
These dudes are out-and-out idiots!
Children may not need to attend so many interest classes before starting school.
To tell you the truth, you failed the test.
His friends always make fun of his fatness.
If you don't feel well then you should go home early.
Get lost! Don't bother me!
He played a Christmas carol with his superb piano skill that every musical note was full of emotion. How superb the music was!
A-ming's question directly hit at the heart of the matter. It left me speechless.
That van has frightened me just now, it suddenly turned out from the corner and nearly knock me down.
Lee Tai Man didn't go to the university. When he knew that Miss Chan was a doctor, he dared not to date her again.
Don't be so stubborn, try to think outside the box?
The school intends to downplay the turmoil and let it be over.
You should indemnify him by paying medical expenses as you have hurt him.
We are regulars of this restaurant and enjoys a 10% off.
War will lead to heavy casualties.
Even if deaf people have their hearing aid on, they couldn't really hear what you have said.
You need to get the gemstone to advance to the next level.
In order to stop the water leakage, it is necessary for us to fix the hole in the water hose as soon as possible.
The plane has arrived at New York. We hope you'll enjoy your journey in New York.
There are 16 teams in NBA playoffs.
His face frosted with serenity, his eyes stared at his home from afar.
The person on the first row was so tall. He completely blocked the screen.
Profits will rise in the short term.
He wore casually to go to interview for an office job.
My Android device has been used for more than 3 years, and it's starting to malfunction.
He was deported because of illegal emigration.
Riding motorbikes seems dangerous.
Everyone knows you love her.
I'm not sure if this shirt is suitably for me.
They defend our borders to prevent smuggling carried out by triad societies.
I'm counting down the days until he comes back.
It's so sunny and you still don't want to go out for a walk?
When China initiated economic reform, Hong Kong merchants took the lead to invest in it.
She has become an artist of a record label in Taiwan.
Having a different personality as your partner is not a bad thing; these differences can complement each other.
His arrogance does not allow himself to seek help from others easily.
The former village school is abandoned as villagers have moved out of there.
Can you lend me five hundred dollars?
You have to fulfill company's budgeted revenue before every year-end, or you will be to be reprimanded by a superior.
Don't be so serious, that guy is just playing dumb.
The rib-eye steak is tender and juicy.
Nowadays people seldom earn money from martial arts performances.
Chinese University and Hong Kong University are the two universities that have coats of arms.
The older twin was born only two minutes earlier than the younger twin.
A variety of writing techniques were employed in these paragraphs.
The Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department catches approximately two hundred wild boars a year.
The activity is for children aged under 5. It seems that your child is over-age.
Dew drops on petals are shining under the rays of the morning sun.
The manufacturer claimed that its electric car can do 500km on one charge, but it is expected to make a discount of the statement, the actual distance is about 400 km.
The prices of books in upstair bookshops are often 20% off.
Use the derrick to move those rocks away and to open the way.
He was a professional boxer and is now a boxing coach.
Has the friendship of both of them recovered?
It is hoped that the police force could bring the perpetrator to justice as soon as possible.
She wore a lot of makeup as if she were disguising.
This piece of Dongpo pork is too fatty. How can I bring myself to ingest something this greasy?
I don't understand the materials anyway, it would be a waste of effort to attempt it.
My son is like a baby. When he goes out, I still have to help him put on his shoes.
The bank security guards are fast asleep.
Failed real estate project wastes too many land resources in the city.
I told her to do it. It isn't her fault.
No matter whether one is a driver or a passenger, one should fasten the seat belt.
An ancient burial chamber was found on a construction site.
Bertrand Russell is regarded as one of the greatest analytic philosophers of the 20th century.
I have raised this squirrel into full maturity by myself.
You can have a green Lunisolar New Year and celebrate by online bank transfer instead of handing out physical red pockets.
Why are you not paying attention? Are you thinking of other things?
I fell off this morning and broke my phone.
The sales of the album has already exceeded 100,000 copies.
Wow, your mom is listening to the latest songs. I didn't know that she is in the swim!
This training makes him a stronger person.
No, that's not okay. I'm not free tonight!
Nowadays, election of the traid leaders could be open to everybody.
You help me to set a side light please, that will bring a better effect for the photo.
Not only did he not help the victim, but he also kick the victim when he is down.
His grandmother is very old. She's ninety-six years old this year.
He is much respected for his acts of bravery.
The secretary has an excellent reputation among the public, and a high ability to call for response.
Today we play Monopoly with real money. Be serious!
You dreamed of steaks and Porsche while I am contented with a simple meal. It comes to me that we are vastly different from each other in terms of quality of life.
You exerted a lot of effort for our fund-raising programme, we are really grateful to you.
Stop flailing about the living room. You keep blocking my view of the TV.
I heard rumours of his resignation, do you believe it?
Once the superior make the order, they have to revoke their decisions no matter how firm they stood.
These bad people should be executed.
I haven't written to her for long and don't know where to start.
The Christmas lights attract a lot of tourists.
This girl keeps asking me out, maybe I have a chance with her!
Few know the usage of this Chinese character.
Hey boss, would you like another Tsingtao?
They have many people, it is tough to beat them. Go ask the others to come and help immediately!
You had been swindled so much money. What a silly girl!
Could you turn the sound up on the TV.
Our team has not enough strength and no ground to fight with them.
Youngsters are usually rebellious and cynical.
The SDU that is in charge of breaching is what makes this operation a success.
The two were found to possess marijuana when they crossed the border.
Apologize to him for me when you see him.
Most stock prices of banks in Hong Kong have plummeted to a new low.
Soldiers must salute when they see the senior officials.
It is a real miracle that they can still survive without any food nor water for 3 whole days.
I bought a down jacket for a Japanese trip.
He's an acerbic speaker. Anytime he senses weakness, he attacks.
Even though a vehicle arrives at the zigzag lines, once any pedestrian is going to cross the road, the vehicle should gives way to the pedestrian.
What about trying not to be late next time?
Brother Ming was so drunk that his friends had to take him home.
There is no right or wrong in this matter. It's just that everyone has their own standpoint and they see the problem from different angles.
It's just a few steps away and you want to take a taxi? You're really extravagant.
He has Down's syndrome. He has an extra chromosome than ordinary people.
Once he heard that the police are coming, he said he had to go. I bet he's afraid that they'll find out what he did.
I broke up with my girlfriend. It's all over!
quite drunk and tipsy
The program crashed. Can you please take a look for me?
I had a long wait outside the arena, but it was worthwhile because I got Michael Jordan's autograph!
Don't follow too closely behind the vehicle in front. Keep at least a 2-second distance.
The science faculty just got a new "Dean Lo" [Homonym of "mad man"].
The LegCo passed a bill to allocate $200M on pre-school education.
This area is not quite safe after nightfall.
"Impossible" is not a word in my dictionary.
The Observatory says there'll be north wind in the coming two weeks, so it'll start to get colder.
Wow, it's finally Friday, I am free!
We would only say whether one is learned or really speaks in depth, etc.
He didn't even sneak a peak during the exam, he was blatantly reading the answers written by his classmate seating next to him.
If you run a "cluster analysis" on the words and group the high scores into a single category, you'll find that the 100000+ words in our minds can be grouped into a couple of main categories.
The teacher reads aloud the text for her students.
Writing enables human beings to communicate across time and space.
He came out of the closet to his parents last night; he is grateful for their support.
This cheque will only be effective after both of you have signed it.
This hotel is located in the city centre.
The saltwater pipe downstairs burst. Close the windows quick, or the salt water is going to rush into the house.
There was a lot of food left over.
This passage is really difficult to understand.
Reporters have a short lunch time and just wolf down their meal.
Originally since the game was 2:0 at half-time, everybody thought it was hopeless. But with their effort, they finally made a tie with 3:3.
Forget about your major. You won't make much money after you graduate.
In such hot weather, let me eat a cup of ice-cream.
At first he was not considered to be promoted, but he stole a place by brown-nosing.
Today I shall rip off your mask of hypocrisy in front of everyone.
I thought he was an unfriendly person, but after getting to know him, I realize that he's actually quite nice.
This is considered as an end. People no longer care about it.
Bad administration increases employees' disloyalties to the company.
This manga is so amazing, when will it resume publication?
Excuse me, a bowl of wonton noodles please.
The lighting in this restaurant is very soft and has a relaxing effect.
The principal played nepotism, promoting Mr. Wong to department head.
When was the last time you went there?
It is so rare that we don't need to work overtime. Let's go shopping!
Thank you for your donation in support of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals' charity work.
Many people nowadays buy jerseys just for collection.
The meaning of these two words are interchangeable.
Parents should supervise their children's studies.
There is a tradition of penis worship in Japan.
Running a company successfully requires sufficient capital.
I was very silly that thought you are my true love at that time.
The shop is having a summer sale. Things are really cheap.
He's been unconscious. Nothing can save him now.
He is not romantic at all.
Even kids have to apply for a couple of certificates.
I could still bear it if I do not talk about it, but as I do I am in rage.
He has to attend the hearing because of a medical dispute with his patients.
He is much healthier after abstain from taking drugs.
He's absolutely brain-dead. I told him to speak a few words on stage, but he just stood there silently like a moron.
We should make good use of the human resources we have.
Mr Lee is in charge of the company business operation.
The teacher told him to stop stirring up trouble.
My plan has been rejected.
I'm just an ordinary employee. I have no power nor influence.
We are on the verge of success and there's no turning back now.
Sorry, I have misunderstood you.
The difference between the two teams' scores has increased a lot.
You all should be good and not go out playing around in the street, beware of being caught to be living human piles.
Stanley Ho had 4 wives, and his first wife was a Portuguese.
If you want to win this chess-game, every step has to be planned carefully.
No idea why but he is particularly energetic today.
He dares to speak his mind and do what is right. Such a gutsy person.
This drama will be acted by two super stars together.
Being in this business for long makes me feel bored, may be it is time to wash my hands and quit.
He is having a 41 degree fever, should we call for an ambulance?
She didn't smile throughout the dinner tonight.
Policies of Kangxi's government had a profound impact on the stability of Qing's rule.
You have to capitalize the first character when writing a person's name, it is impolite to write it in lowercase.
incapable of accomplishing what one says
He hasn't paid attention to the traffic just now, and almost went to check in at Yama king's court.
The shop was looted empty by the thugs.
Her four children are all under the age of ten.
Your children have all grown up. Get out there and live it up!
I don't know if he was having a stage-fright, but he wasn't following the script at all.
Many people like to have hot pot during winter.
She has a cross tattooed on the back of her neck.
This test has three points of difficulty, after passing which, it will be much easier.
He has loose lips once he gets drunk. I have already got used to it.
It's a shame that students would do such thing now!
I'm leaving now, watch yourself.
Do you have the ability to kick the manager out of the company?
These students are very naughty. It's really killing me teaching them.
He ran into a passenger after drink driving, so he is in serious trouble this time!
I haven't seen you for a while and you already look much more successful, what lucurative business have you got yourself into?
It comes out to be a waste that my dream girl is in relationship with this brainless muscle man.
This temple enshrines the local mountain god.
The difference between us, is that you are rich but I am not.
He is a kind youth.
The summer break lasts for two entire months only for school.
She is now retired, and runs a grocery store near her home.
It seems that she is extremely mad at you. She acts as if you were invisible.
I don't understand why people like going out and squeezing through the crowds during holidays.
A: "He is hopelessly retributive!" B: "Yes! Exactly!"
Please call us for inquiries about the contents mentioned.
This place will fly over the Pacific Ocean.
The power of a person may not be meager.
Ethnic / cultural Chinese like to perform lion dances or dragon dances during the lunar new year or other festivals to liven things up.
She was broken-hearted when her husband left her.
I'm planning to go to Wong Tai Sin and ask the master to 'read my face'.
Royalties are to be paid at a rate of 12% if we are going to publish his novel.
He says that he will defeat his opponent even if his hands and feet were handicapped.
He was diagnosed with heart disease.
Some say using boiled water with pomelo leaves for a shower can get rid of bad luck.
I have nothing to do during the summer holiday. I am bored!
When I was a kid, I was a terrible student who was consistently bottom of the class in examinations.
There's no other convenient transportation from Hung Kiu to San Hui. I think taking the Light Rail is the best.
Stop acting like a big spender! You earn only $1000 per month. How could you afford all those unnecessities?
Earth is one of the eight planets of the Solar System.
We need a large number of cheering team members for the competition this time.
Service with a wholehearted attitude will attract lots of customers.
He earnestly helps the underprivileged groups in the society.
When you cannot have it again, what you can do is don't forget it.
time passed, but he is still always late.
He is sleeping so deeply that I just can't wake him up.
There are lots of differences between these two dictionaries.
He has a lot of abnormal hobbies; one of them is collecting women's underwear.
[ChatGPT]The weather is dry, everyone remember to take fire safety measures.
I just happen to have a pen in my bag. I can lend it to you.
He has a strong obsession with becoming an excellent basketball player.Therefore, he trains hard every day.
He placed the cremated ashes of his grandmother with great care on the third floor of this temple.
It's difficult to complete this in three months.
The neighbour's kid seems sick. Maybe she needs some gripe water.
Those visitors damaged the hostel they stayed at in Taiwan, bringing shame on Hong Kong people!
They had a gang fight downstairs. At last they were all arrested by the police.
A young lady was arrested for abandoning her newborn baby outside a children's home.
He visits me often and cares about me so much.
In a strict sense, my work is not any kind of research but just trivial stuff.
Born in the royal family in the ancient times, one would have a prosperous life.
The first sentence he said to me was how badly dressed I was.
It's two days till the exam. Eat carefully in this special period of time.
He works multiple jobs to raise his family.
He's always lazing around and never does any work seriously.
He realized that his opponent was not an ordinary one and started to focus on their game.
Please provide some dry ice to keep the ice cream cake cold.
It's not that nice to go there empty-handed. Let's take a bottle of wine.
May you two have a happy wedding and remain happily married until you are both very old.
Our company is going to expand the services into mainland China.
You owe me a meal. Keep your word!
If you keep doing all these evil things, Karma will catch up to you eventually.
Newton's second law says that the acceleration and net external force are directly proportional.
The market's later situation was affected by bad news and stocks. Therefore, it fell rapidly.
Legislator Yip opposes the suggestion of extra meetings, as extra meetings in summer holiday should only be held "if people die or buildings collapse".
The crash, resulting in many casualties, was horrible.
I saw pervert who kept yelling on the bus.
What time will you go home exactly?
I work my ass off, only to earn a hundred bucks or so. I quit!
There is a music CD in the book, which allows you to listen to music while reading.
The crime boss's whereabouts were exposed and they were caught by the police.
Your daily post of dating activity makes me so jealous! How sweet your relationship is!
His snakes scare me to the point that my legs go all weak.
It is such nonsense to suggest that we need to apologize for upholding the law.
When I looked at my mother carefully, I discovered that she has aged a lot.
Are branded batteries better than generic batteries?
I'll spare my words. I know you'd understand.
I will take care of myself when I arrive at the States.
This company specialises in transporting bulky furniture for its customers.
Have you got what I mean?
He is dishonest. Don't believe in everything he says.
Are there any lights? Switch them on to have a look.
Don't draw hasty conclusions.
This knife features an anti-bacterial coating.
Hey, your fly is down. Go fix it in the bathroom, we're going to meet some clients soon!
No terrorists claimed their responsibility on this assault.
The things he mentioned are all real.
Hey, you're gonna spend only a meal with her, not your whole life. Why bother worrying?
I've put the cash in the drawer.
This guy is knowledgeable. He knows a lot.
Just when A-chung was tasting the dishes A-na cooked and complaining about this and that, I thought he knew very well how to cook. But it turned out that when he cooked, he almost burned the entire kitchen.
People who can do this are very rare.
Why do you always leave everything until the last moment?
It takes at least 3 year to complete the construction.
The clock is out of order, let's use the phone instead.
Playing ball game can train your hand-eye coordination.
His act of stealing to gain the money he needs to help treat his ill sister is unlawful. However, it is understandable.
She knocked at the table twice with her fingertip.
The woman glared angrily at him.
He was caught cheating in a mahjong parlour and got beaten up really hard.
Thanks to the two undercover agents helping us by transmitting information, we solved the case.
Why do you lose your temper so easily these days?
I just want a complete family.
The rumbling noise of renovation upstairs is making me extremely irritable.
When I hit the bed every night, my nose becomes blocked.
His Cantonese pronunciation is not very accurate. Sometimes I have difficulty understanding him.
When it began, no one knew that things would turn out like this.
The buildings here are very magnificent.
The original poster hasn't replied us for so long that he may have vanished from this world.
This TV station keeps re-broadcasting its programmes all the time.
He has waited for you for a long time and you didn't show up.
The decoration of this restaurant makes you feel like you are in outer space.
Students must attend tomorrow's activity.
Tickets are selling on-line publicly.
The average dose of natural background radiation exposed to a normal human on earth is 2.4 millisieverts per year.
He has offended the triad members, so he got killed by a hitman.
This doesn't sound like the proper motive for the murder.
To avoid catching the bird flu, don't touch any birds or poultry.
They took the same side and coerced their mother to change her will.
He quits being a lawyer, and plays in a band to pursue his dream.
If the industry is still yet to cultivate talents, there will probably no inheritance.
You can lose weight by having many meals and eating less.
Do you mind sitting there?
This issue is irrelevant for you.
We should make way for an ambulance which siren is on.
They're boycotting Ming. If you play with him, you'll be boycotted by them too.
Is everyone present? I think we are missing one.
Fine, we will listen to you, then what if it does not work?
She is studying a doctoral degree and working as a teaching assistant at the same time.
Knowing that her husband has another woman, she left home with her son in a rage.
He was accused of assault on a police officer. The first hearing will take place tomorrow.
Don't do as he says. Maybe you're just doing the dirty work for him.
She cannot bear seeing his pain and regret, so she forgives him in the end.
I just realised that we can stand up eating Wagyu beef in Hong Kong.
Don't discriminate against people who live in public housing.
Your dress looks new, have you just bought it?
How are people going to like you if you always wear a scowl on your face?
If you don't behave yourself, you dad will teach you a lesson when he gets back.
Your screen protector has so many bubbles in it.
[ChatGPT]I ran into Mrs. Chan downstairs and she talked to me for a while.
I want to be with you until the end of time.
We don't get along very smoothly, but we never overstep each other's bottom line.
He's rich. He's got several Mercedes at home.
The dishes of this popular restaurant are really tasty, so their reputation isn't undeserved.
The emissions from the vehicles seriously harm the air quality.
You look depressed. What's happened?
Mr. Lee has a high alcohol tolerance. He looks the same even after drinking a few glasses of brandy.
Why did you put the washed clothes on the floor? How could you have done so!
He secretly observes and learns techniques from the photographer when he is working. He has taken better photos recently.
Going to the seaside during typhoon is dangerous.
What rank did you get in this exam?
Count me in if you are singing karaoke this weekend.
He really knows how to take advantage of the people around in order to achieve his goals.
Because of the war, she lost contact with her family.
So now I am going to put a stethoscope on your back, you will feel a bit chilly, take a deep breath.
Starting from the current academic year, junior secondary school students have to take Chinese history as a compulsory subject.
He has been skipping classes for no reason for three days; when he comes back to school, he will certainly be heavily penalized.
He is a smart fellow, you don't need to spell everything out for him.
Fire fighters worked through the night to keep the forest fire from spreading to homes nearby.
What mum said is good for you. Don't always contradict her.
Don't let the established idea limit yourself.
You guys hurry up and get the things done!
The dish is still greasy, wash it again.
I don't like eating cake, it's too sweet.
I walk past those houses every day, but I know that I probably would never be able to live in any one of them. I feel really jealous.
Do you understand what I am saying?
She knows that to quit drugs, she must help herself. Otherwise, nobody could help her.
He always be playful in attitude, I'm not sure the words he says is serious or trolling.
Ah-keung always bluffs, but in reality he's not as good as he says he is.
This painter is very skillful, the paint is spread evenly.
Just kill as you wish. I won't beg for mercy from my enemy.
Could you put some sunscreen on my body, please?
An ordinary child has 1 cowlick; a smart child has 2; a naughty child has 3.
Our school team entered the final smoothly.
Today I planned to dine out without expecting the upcoming pouring rain.
Congratulations Mrs. Wong! You are going to be a great-grandma, how blessed you are.
Once train doors open, passengers rush in to claim their own seat.
My neighbour's kid is still playing the violin so badly in the middle of the night. I have to make a complaint to the building management office.
Is there anything worrying him? Why does he always wear a sad face?
He's mad about car racing.
In the original edition of The Return of the Condor Heroes, Zhen Zhibing was called Yin Zhiping. Later, Jin Yong found that the name Yin Zhiping did exist in history. So, he changed the name in the edited version.
He has trouble falling asleep for the whole night, resorting to rolling back and fro on his bed.
This restaurant is a disgrace to Hong Kong! They make a dupe of tourists by charging them double!
Shrimp roe seasoning in Tai O is very famous!
She said she's seen ghosts in here. Her story was so descriptive as if it's real.
The people at that agency are terrible.
I've just finished my PhD. Do you need an odd-job man?
Since the rumour that the Chief Executive will resign has spread out, he hasn't shown up to clarify the issue.
He looks tired. Is he ill?
She's rather stuck-up. She doesn't respond when others talk to her.
The writing style of this author is very fluent.
The lines are busy at the moment. Please call again later.
You should teach your son to pick up food with chopsticks.
The contract mentioned that you need to work until today, it's no excuse.
The walking time between the pier and the observation deck is about 10 minutes.
He always has a runny nose and may have allergic rhinitis.
How can I finish the cake? It's so big.
Social activists are like justice: for sure they come late.
He exploits other people in the name of his boss.
Intelligence collection is always the key to victory of all battles.
This store sells miscellaneous items; there are all kinds of things.
What a hot day! Let's go swimming.
He named you as the one who has to go to the ceremony.
She's obsessed with her appearance. For every time she goes out she spends an hour dressing.
All along I have been kept in the dark and didn't know he was my birth father.
So few people use film camera nowadays.
I have a small request.
Not understanding the development of the incident, I won't judge causally.
He is really hard working, and his scholastic work amounts at least to a thousand pieces.
So much delicious food on the table, so few stomachs I have.
That looks fishy. Don't hand him the money.
You will end up with more moles if you are exposed to the sun for too long.
exchange rate US dollar to Japanese yen rose for 3 days, it softens today.
Recently, another shooting incident happened in the US, and twenty people were tragically killed.
Once she heard her ex-boyfriend has gotten a new affair, you can see how angry she looks along with the envy.
I have met all your needs and wants at my best, but why do you still mess around?
Many of our distant patrilineal cousins, whom we hadn't seen for years, all came on the day of my younger brother's wedding.
This film is so successful as the screenwriter-director has paid so much effort on it!
He has matured a great deal over the past year.
He was so angry that he slammed his phone on the floor.
I wrote a computer program to count the number of primes between 2 and 100000.
Sometimes, playing computer games bores me out of my mind.
To save the party and the regime, the chairperson has to sacrifice the corrupted officials and bring them to justice.
You can always ask to help with moving.
A certain country always makes devious plans to make some island their own domain.
You have got asthma, don't drink anything cold.
The tea bag is tasteless. I'd rather drink water.
He left before the transfer of sovereignty in 1997, but come back afterwards, and he is now leaving again.
He couldn't hear the police officer calling him because he was wearing headphones, and was charged for resisting arrest.
I have a dinner gathering with my colleagues tonight, so I won't come home for dinner.
After the incident, security has clearly been strengthened in this area.
I served all my tricks and methods to get it sorted.
This app was so poorly made. It hangs all the time.
From now on, our fates are entwined together for the better!
You are good at carpentry. Please make me a shelf!
My uncle has suddenly come to Hong Kong, and I have no idea where to put him.
What a big appetite you have. Be careful of getting too full.
This old building is so mismanaged that large pieces of concrete peel off and rusty steel bars are exposed.
It would be a huge disaster to you if someone spread the word that you had sex at the age of 15.
This skirt has too much drag, I don't like it.
He is very environmentally friendly, using both sides of the paper.
Kit has a gentle look but he is actually good at martial arts!
Dad said that when I was small, I loved holding his hands and strolling around.
The bok choy is carved by jade.
Medical personnel stuck to their post and bear the unbearable during the plague.
I wrote on a memo slip to remind myself of taking medicine.
They are negotiating for the merging of the two companies.
The quality of our television is poor.  It doesn't work every half year.
Within the industry,  a cautious attitude is generally held towards the development of the new product.
For the sake of continuity of a particular scene, costumes, props, mood, movement and time of the event should be taken into consideration.
You need not answer. It's better left unsaid.
This pianist has received countless prizes over the years.
Language is all about immersion.
She is so cute! I think I've fallen in love with her.
You really think she loves you? She treated you as a puppet!
I do the menial work around here: a cup of tea for her, a letter delivered for him, keeping the water coolers filled and the documents photocopied.
I am applying to the company for getting an advanced payment of salaries of two months.
Working with explosives is a high-risk job because there is a greater chance of encountering danger.
Hello. Long time no see.
Children need some space. Don't give them too much pressure.
I was humiliated today, and I will humiliate you even more someday!
Those weapons are of mass destruction.
The barbecue place is a sheltered area. No problem even if it rains.
Reading is a great pleasure in life!
Hey, that fan just caught on fire!
After the ship sank, he grasped onto a piece of wood and floated on the sea for three days before he was saved.
Are you deaf? That's so loud but you still can't hear it.
It is really sad to be alone on Christmas Eve.
They resemble each other very much, I might have mistaken them as sisters.
If you don't bring an umbrella with you, you'll get wet from the rain for sure.
The creature wiped out the whole team with a single global attack.
Punning works on the characteristic of ambiguity.
I will go to my friend's home with a group of people on the fourth day of the Chinese New Year.
The car can hardly go uphill if you don't change the gear.
My younger sister attends a single-sex school. She's eighteen now but has never talked to any boys.
The reward points of credit cards can be used to exchange for gifts.
His boss doesn't like him and always picks on him.
I won't leave home without covering up the pimples on my face!
He's as tall and skinny as a bamboo pole.
It was tough raising my son.
How can all of us still trust you in the future?
You two, look, if you want to mock an argument, do it quietly.
He is so long-winded.
The following paragraphs will discuss the development of Tai O's fishing industry.
Don't you think you're her boyfriend. You are just a "gun jam bing" to her, you idiot.
I know how to drive, but I hate parking the most.
The larvae of flies parasitize earthworms.
This banknote issued in 1970 has the face value of 10 dollars. Now it has been appreciated to 1600 dollars.
He went away without explaining a word.
He has finally succeed! Let's celebrate!
The only thing you have been concerned with all day is playing video games. When are you going to start doing your homework?
Bananas are not only tasty but also very nutritious.
There are many different types of flowers here.
The High Court has rejected his appeal today.
Even though she doesn't have a university education, you shouldn't underestimate her ability.
Prestigeous schools in Hong Kong usually have a long history.
Spreading some jam on the bread will make it taste better.
His requirement for a girlfriend is very high.
Privacy includes the personal information, private life and personal affairs of an individual.
This morning, I forgot to take my portable battery charger.
We have a long weekend today so we've got Saturday off.
I was robbed and I have no money to get home. Can you lend me a hundred dollars?
I was once what you are, and you will become what I am.
There are lots of work, can you handle it?
I hate A-chung so much I want to disassemble his skeleton.
This time, A-chung must admit his incompetence for sure.
I'm going to go play football with friends tomorrow morning.
He fails to hide and display the crime more obviously, making everyone believe that he is the murderer.
I can't make ends meet this month since I've spent too much.
Please don't politicize every issue.
Citizens can get their passports in a self-service manner.
The writer portrays the characters in a lively manner.
Her figure couldn't be sexier.
Guys, just make yourselves at home, and eat as much as you like.
All the seafood accords with market price only. Should you ask about the actual price before ordering?
At first he said he would come, but he changed his mind at the last minute.
It's heard that the tutor surnamed Li is strict in marking/grading.
The mall has revived after eateries joined.
It's so good to live together with you.
They are going to have a two-people meal, don't be a third wheel!
She never replies to your messages means that she doesn't like you.
Do you remember the date your elder sister got married?
He'll have to be put into jail for at least three years this time.
The government replaces parking meters every year. It's simply a waste of money and manpower!
Their relationship is starting to foul after the last quarrel.
There's a big stain on the pillow!
Different government departments shifted blame onto each other.
[ChatGPT]Look at you, being all over the place, I'll handle it!
The credit for today's success goes to everyone.
This wholesaler specialises in Chinese made goods.
They greatly outnumber us, we can't win this fight! Run!
Can I spend a night at your place/home tonight?
That was an ingenious idea. Good thinking!
The entire railway line will be open next year.
The road ahead is blocked by a truck.
I don't really think she is picking on you.
When do you have breakfast in the morning?
The doctor found that the patient had epilepsy after reading his EEG.
I really don't know how to get along with them.
I give an F to students who miss even a single class.
Potable water is a vital natural resource.
Time is up, grab your bag and go!
Please help me cut the paper into two.
He did not phone back in the whole morning. I don't know where he went.
I wanted to wear the pink dress, but it was too creased.
The police believed that the thief broke in and stole early in the morning.
Anybody could have written a crappy piece of commentary like this!
Please go out and don't bother me.
With the salary so low, I might as well not do this job.
He suddenly had a cramp while swimming.
Keeping on playing their songs, you should admit that you've got hooked into them, shouldn't you?
Oh that sodding cry, I guess the neighbours are disciplining their kid with clothes hanger again.
The car is right opposite to you. You didn't even notice it?
If it's heads, I'll give you a dollar; if it's tails, you'll have to give me a dollar.
So many disappeared without a trace around here recently. I wonder if there's a serial killer out there.
Some Cantonese operas include performances of sou baak laam.
[ChatGPT]I accidentally broke the filter cup this morning, so I can't make coffee now.
He accidentally said something bad about me.
Don't bend your waist while sitting. Your waist will hurt when you get old.
Scenes of the accident appear in my mind again.
We are factory workers who work together.
The First Lady is elegant and noble.
How come the robbers made it so easily? Did someone within us help them privately?
Yet another person jumped to his death at Foxconn today.
He's placed so much on the bet. Maybe he really has tips to win?
Use a solution of 1 part bleach with 99 parts water to disinfect it, only then is it clean.
An underground water pipe burst in the MTR, taking the MTR became taking a submarine.
It only takes 15 minutes by minibus to get to Mong Kok.
He imitates the style of Picasso in producing this abstract painting.
My period has ended. I can go swimming with you.
To be a good man, you not only have to be cautious and smart, but you also have to do your job with heart.
I learnt a lot of things this year.
As a practicing lawyer, I know nothing about the law.
"But your mother said your are about to die?"
I live in another country but now I meet people from my hometown. Finally I can speak my hometown language.
This robot can recognise the voice of its master.
This school is built with the alumni donation.
There are still places worth further consideration in this project.
These days, only making money matters.
Congratulations! You have leveled up and become a father.
He says nothing true and tricks people all the time.
Bonsai is a type of landscape art.
Best wishes to you!
He's getting old and his hearing isn't very good.
You are so eloquent that being a lawyer would be the most suitable job for you.
He succinctly explained the main points of this essay.
I've forgotten my wallet, can you pay for me first?
His expenditure exceeds his income every month.
Hey I can smell some pleasant smell of curry.
The mass gathered outside the local U.N. office to urge for its intervention.
There are definitely fewer than hundreds of people in the rally. Only a few people attend.
Keung has sneaked out of work again.
Today my chef dad will cook dinner at home. You are lucky.
I saw the flyer of "The Return of the Dragon" in the museum.
Some trains in Japan skip stations.
A spin-off of Harry Potter will be released! Are you going to read/watch it?
The most important thing to play any game of doubles is matching with one's partner.
My grandfather appeared in my dream last night.
I can't hear you clearly, can you please speak louder?
He will take up the position of CEO.
Many singers wish to hold their concerts in Hong Kong Coliseum once they enter the industry.
A-chung got lost in the maze.
You sat on my packed cake and completely flattened it. How am I supposed to eat it now?
There's Exit N at East Tsim Sha Tsui Station, but not exit M.
I will do it regardless of the consequences.
Let me make a simile: the sun like an orange; it is round and full of holes.
This revision guide concentrates a 600-word text into a couple sentences.
This meal is so cheap. It costs less than one hundred dollars per person.
I will take three shots.
On the first day of Lunar New Year, I paid a visit to Grandpa.
She has forgotten her umbrella and was literally soused by the heavy rain.
After travelling a long way to get here, I just knew the shop doesn't open today.
The woman who lives in next flat is always being promiscuous. It's really disgusting!
The opening of Tseung Kwan O MTR extension marks a new era in Hong Kong's public transport service.
Thank you for the gift. I am pleased to accept it.
You've got three "two" cards, you can hardly lose in this game.
You need to pay a deposit in order to make a reservation.
There's just little money. Don't bother to care about it.
I call the shots around here: I make the decisions!
The newspaper featured a parody of an MTR advertisement by some netizens.
If you can raise out reasons that I cannot reject, I will then help you out.
He has a master's degree. How can he not know a word like this?
Bullying weak and small ones is not what a true man should do.
You forgot to do your homework? You're in a big trouble.
After I finished using him, I will sell him out.
Wow, the choir's singing is not in harmony. It's a disaster.
Do you know how many years is that volcano?
Twenty dollars for a dozen oranges? Cut me some slack, how about fifteen!
Mum, what is the stuffing inside a sticky rice dumpling made of?
The music fans who are watching the show can use their phones to vote as well.
I want to put a pot of flower on the window ledge.
Today we are going to talk about ways to spell out words in Cantonese.
In the chaos, even the police have given up on dispersing the crowd.
The steppes around Central Asia are relatively arid.
There are many young chavs in Mong Kok.
Please call the 24-hour hotline to seek help from the Red Cross.
The Syrian people were an important avenue through which Greek culture reached Persia.
See a doctor when you are sick. Never trust alternative medicine.
His fashion style is rather peculiar, some might not find it acceptable.
Abudance does not lie in the amount per se.
Could you please move the chair over there?
Don't promise what you cannot deliver. If you can't finish all the tasks when the time comes, you will be scolded by the boss.
I had no idea that he would have done that to me.
Not everyone has arrived yet. Don't start the car.
The bride and bridegroom express their gratitude to the guests because they have received many gifts and greeting cards.
Things keep changing and this makes people can't help sighing.
The Chinese Temples Committee directly administers 24 temples.
The girls gazed admiringly at the leading actor on stage.
If the government oppresses its people, then it won't be supported by them.
those who kill and set fires get gold belts
The class teacher began to distribute school reports.
He finished his summer homework all in one go.
I was the kid who was always picked on by the teacher.
I've got the flu so I was very dull all day.
One of the customs on the Dragon Boat Festival is to swim in the sea. It is said to bring luck and health.
The exam is going to take place next week, and he has been swotting up all the syllabus every day until midnight.
Buying crops harvested from the local area can effectively reduce our carbon footprint.
Is the backseat crowded for this car model?
This beach is completely crowded with people every weekend.
No other hotel can match this one for its service and food.
No offense. You don't make a lot of money. She won't fall in love with you.
My father is a tailor, and he has an occupational habit where he keeps criticizing clothing products in the boutique while shopping.
I have to hand in five essays within three days. I'm extremely busy.
Seldom doing exercise recently, I feel I am getting fat and heavy.
There are no more buses going to Tseung Kwan O, I am taking a shared cab then.
Sika deer were massively killed in hunting.
He bursted into tears after finding out that his teacher passed away.
The summer weather in Hong Kong is really unpredictable.
I'm just the sidekick, you are the main character today.
It will soon be my turn to be on stage. I'm really nervous.
When you are out for groceries, remember to pay the utility bills at the post office on your way back as well.
Cakes are best served with a cup of black coffee.
The haunted house in Ocean Park is so lame. It's not scary at all.
If a person is late to school for three times, a misconduct record will be filed.
He keeps doing bad things to earn money, not only guiltless but also well-offthere's no justice at all!
You are a real animal! How dare you took all your mum's savings to gamble?
In the early dawn of the New Year's Day, ships at sea whistled to celebrate.
If you go to Kowloon Tong from Shatin by train, the travelling time is about ten minutes.
The trip you planned has so much fun! It's absolutely fantastic!
Joint-University Mass Dance
Although she's my step-mother, she loves me as much as my biological mother.
The taxi driver suddenly braked his car.
The Government should not be so rash as to rush into a decision without careful consultation.
The boy had misunderstood that I gave him cookies to show my love, so he had made a positive response which embarrassed him.
We formed a 50-50 joint venture.
Still at home? You fucking come out! Now!
The experience of the senior is really worthwhile for us to take reference.
Autistic children don't like talking.
The rainstorm slowed down the journey of the expedition team.
Where are you gonna spend your Christmas holiday this year?
Close the screen window and do not let the insects in!
Let's play back the video taken that day. Here we go.
My wife and my mom are arguing. What a terrible dilemma! If I support either of them I will die.
blowing nose with quite an amount of noise
These are our latest anti-covid duo  face masks and face shields. Try them!
The air quality of 90% of the cities is below standard.
I'm going to meet our in-laws for the first time! I certainly have to put on my best clothes for the occasion.
What makes you in such a good mood for hiking today?
God, are you blind or something? The pregnant woman was standing, like, right in front of you, and you still manage to bump into her!
[ChatGPT]The windmill turns once, and the silver paper rises an inch.
He always jumps a red light and finally his driving licence was disqualified.
Don't you know that they are good friends?
My husband often doesn't go home until late night.
He and I have a score to settle. Don't put me on the same shift with him.
If we can both make it, why don't we have dinner together tonight?
When a boy is dumped, will he cry publicly on the streets?
Harsh laws only yield false order.
He couldn't resist the temptation of the evil spirits and fell into their trap.
There are rotten branches in big trees. It was unexpected that she was sexually harassed by the boss in such a big company.
An incense pavilion was built between the two halls of the temple.
It's too dangerous. If something bad happens, what are we gonna do?
You shouldn't wear this outfit to go climbing!
What he did aroused immediate public astonishment.
Our comedy will be released in theatres during the lunar new year so that the audience can celebrate the lunar new year with laughter.
We are having a gathering next week, are you free?
Each age group has their own financial management needs.
He is so useless that it is a waste of space if he is dumped in the landfill.
The bride is dressed with classic elegance.
Play the piano and sing enthusiastically.
Cantonese opera is the mainstream opera style of opera performances offered to deities in Hong Kong.
There was a traffic accident in Prince Margaret Road, so cross harbour traffic has ground to a halt.
I still have loads of credit card debts to pay, ain't got any money left.
They are evenly matched in skill, it's anyone's game.
This fish is still alive and kicking. Let's buy this one for its freshness.
There are variety of TV programmes, but not every programme are sutable for children to watch alone.
How can you read even though you have never gone to school?
His physical abilities deteriorated with age, leading to him becoming a castoff from the team.
Triads make a living with "protection fees". Rooting out hawkers means cutting off triads' revenue stream.
These bastards! Call the police and get media's attention!
You only give us $1000 for household expenses per month. It would've been better to have given birth to some BBQ pork.
My birthday is in November, and I'm a Scorpio. What's your star sign?
In bamboo theatres nowadays, bamboo poles and fir beams are erected as standards and ledgers to form frameworks, with metal sheets are covered.
A few policemen are patrolling the nearby streets.
It's quite dark in here, I'll have to use flash.
We have to look for the meaning of life on our own. It makes no sense to drift with the tide, does it?
Both of us can profit from this trade, it's a win-win situation.
He likes to show off in front of his friends the most.
Don't take too many risks. Take care of your own life.
They turned into bitter enemies after their divorce.
No matter how angry you are, you should not curse other people.
They're playing on the swings on the playground.
I was covered with sweat and dirt after the ball game.
The Court of Appeal has ruled that the regulation is overall constitutional.
Hey, don't just read without buying a book in the bookstore. You should buy it to show your support to the author. They needs to earn a living too.
She was not feeling well yesterday, so I attended the meeting in her place.
Tsk, it takes no effort to beat him, easy as pie.
The stock market hasn't been that stable lately, so speculators prefer not to act rashly.
The motto of the story of Mantis stalking cicada is that a short-sighted person is completely ignorant to imminent danger in his pursuit of close gains.
When he was on duty, he left without permission, so he was dismissed.
Are you retarded? How can you screw that up?
Long time no see, how are you recently?
If he wants to complain he can talk to me in person, is it really necessary to tease me for the whole day?
He has stated his support for his wife's decision.
If it's to your liking, you shall buy it while you have the chance.
Now we can just hope that he's fine.
Whether you can overcome this hardship or not this time depends on your luck.
Why did you take so many sleeping pills?
My boss's wife keeps on ordering me to do this and that by mentioning my boss's name.
Pirated items are prohibited for commercial use and may be prosecuted.
Having good examination results is the major prerequisite for studying in this university.
These days at night my brain gets into overdrive and ruminate on so many things.
The scene and the atmosphere... are completely scary.
Recently, a funny video clip is circulating on the Internet.
You keep winning with Chicken Hand, it sums up as if you have won with a 3 Fans hand.
Many casinos are controlled by triads.
You have to answer honestly whatever the prosecutor and the lawyer ask you.
The guy hasn't paid me back.
Ever since that online platform started charging money, they lost so many viewers.
Give me a couple months and I shall find enough cash to pay my debt.
Reality shows must be controversial and that is why they can attract audience.
Some players looked very dejected after losing the first round of the match.
The wall was painted on by those naughty kids.
This woman gave up her well-paid job in order to take care of her child.
Someone burnt rubbish in backstairs.
That clip of puppy abuse makes my blood boil.
He is clumsy, you can't ask him to do detail work.
You really can't tell whether that guy is a good person by his look. He might be deceiving you.
You always tell lies. I won't trust you anymore.
This violin produces excellent quality of sound.
Don't pretend in front of me, I won't be fooled by you.
If you don't hold my hand tightly, an ugly woman will come and take you away.
Both of us will only suffer loss if we keep on fighting. We should make peace.
He has faded out from the film circle since two years ago.
The business of this company becomes more and more prosperous.
The cat has lost a lock of hair. It may be suffering from some kind of disease.
Mr. Wong's daughter is the apple of his eye; he always provides her with all the best things.
Such a stupid policeman!  The suspect used the excuse that he had to use the toilet and got away.
Don't be fooled by his luxury clothing. It turns out he lives in public housing!
It's definitely him who did it!
to blame the society for one's own fault
He was so glorious just now, he just threw the resignation at the boss's face, slammed the door and stormed out!
We should not underestimate the possiblity of regional conflicts.
The funeral for his grandmother will be conducted today, that's why he requested for leave.
Everyone is selling at this price. There's no room for further discount.
Don't run on the escalator. It's dangerous.
Our vision is clear, that is to allow our brand to be involved in the international market within a year.
It would have taken a little bit more to come third, but I just missed it and came fourth. Ugh!
Hey, hurry up, we are waiting for you to start the game!
He is still so brave to face death.
Now what he worries the most is that there might be no successor to carry on his business.
The crux of the country's economic problems is its foreign debt.
As the common saying goes, if the cow isn't drinking water, there's no way you can push its head down.
You just need to turn the knob in a clockwise direction.
Tying a present with ribbons seems to make it look nicer.
If you are a coward in dating, how could you do other tough tasks in the future?
It's best to go see a doctor if you have a mood disorder.
The bus driver skipped my stop again. Son of a bitch.
Your mustache makes you look like the icon from Monopoly.
He is driving very fast. Is he rushing to be reincarnated?
McDonald's? My ass.
A-chung claimed he has a girlfriend who's a supermodel. I know it's a lie.
Among the five siblings, I'm the first child.
He was so scared after watching a horror film.
Bath towels provided by hotels are usually in white.
Please remember to let me know if you're coming to Hong Kong.
Use this formula to calculate the area of triangle.
Although it is just a trivial matter, we had better seek the director's opinion first for caution's sake.
I hate restaurants that do not enable booking. They are trying to make people queue just to make them look crowded.
The shirt is not tucked in properly, so the bottom part is sticking out.
I heard that if one looks at a shooting star while making a wish, that wish will come true.
If you have to pay for the upkeep of your husband, then why don't you remain single?
Everyone plays with lanterns and eats mooncake during the Mid-Autumn Festival.
If you try breaking up with me, let' see what will happen.
He went abroad long ago. I can't help but miss him.
Who do you think you are?
He was just finished framing his brother for inheritance, then he turned to mediate the lawsuit high-soundingly.
It is clearly written in the code of conduct that you can't do this.
My old computer got infected by a virus once it booted up. There's no way I could have prevented this from happening.
This TV channel always produces stupid dramas.
Having not seen his girlfriend for a few days, he is suddenly aware that she is not in love with him anymore.
A: "Whatever problem there is we can talk about it."  B:"Talk your mother!"
Don't be such a big spender. Remember that you are having a pay cut starting from next month.
I rushed to the bus stop, but witnessed the bus depart.
To make this cake, we need 50 grams butter.
I liked to play the recorder when I was small.
As you like, I can eat whatever.
This drama is fabulous, the international famous star A-chung will be the protagonist!
This kind of ramen is easy to cook: just add water and boil it.
She is not Notre Dame that she will not forgive people who have bullied her.
At the beginning, the founders of newspapers had lofty ideals.
The thief was trying to buy gold with a card he stole, but his unmatched signature gave him up, so he had to run away.
I study literature and I know nothing about mechanics.
The median age of the population reflects how the society ageing is.
He has got a lot of fish scale on his shoes. Would he be a fisherman?
This is all I have.
He is very professional, his decision is almost always correct.
The developer is having a large scale construction here. It deteriorates the air quality.
Laws are closely related to our daily life.
The acting of this actor is so bad, I want to throw eggs at him!
It seems that we won't get a kick out of Korean barbecue without beef.
Buy here and get stuff delivered. A great way to save time and money.
May I borrow your lighter for the cigarette?
Bribing judges doesn't work in the USA.
Don't be upset by jealousy, I'm sure the next will be you.
[ChatGPT]It's just a few scraps, it doesn't matter.
This couple attaches great importance to the education their children receive.
Milk contains several kinds of vitamins and minerals.
I spent up to 600 dollars and more buying the ticket.
He raped over 100 women, he's a public enemy.
Attention seeker, you think you are a super star?
I can go with you up to 10 o'clock at most.
It's only been three days since she left for Canada.
Mody contributed a lot of time and money in the establishment of the University of Hong Kong, his contributions are immeasurable.
The excessive work is killing me.
I feel totally hopeless about this job.
to widen part of the road to two lanes
I go to school by bus every day.
Hormones can affect metabolism in the body.
You're playing mahjong so late at night. I may accuse you of disturbance.
What makes you hesitate? That guy is really annoying, just fall out with him!
So far I'm just taking two part-time jobs for some time.
We gave him a birthday card.
My family members always welcome guests.
I haven't got free time to call her back.
An old man fainted on the crosswalk when he was walking.
On the one hand I want to go to the hospital to visit him, but on the other hand I don't want to disturb him when he is taking a rest.
to apply a band-aid
I hate people smoking. The second-hand smoke is intolerable.
I dare you to fight with me!
Here are rich prizes, we have one million Lover Sushi.
After eating part of the steamed creamy buns with egg yolk, the fillings poured on his shirt.
The way you criticized Leung Tin-kei three years ago is exactly the same way you're criticizing the provisional government now.
Hope that our company can tackle the financial problem and overcome the difficulty as soon as possible.
Mr.Chan, please briefly explain the objectives of the event.
The car passed the school while it was heading towards the beach.
This organisation supports their activities in secret.
With the foetus growing, it will press against the mother's stomach.
You are against the light. Shooting with a flash will be better.
My aunt visits the temple and worships deities as the new lunar year starts.
I realise that the $100 banknote is fake only after careful observation!
A student should be well-groomed.
The battleship also carried several floatplanes.
You pretend to know everything but actually you are not, please stop showing off the intelligence that you don't have.
That mother hit her son with a belt on the street while everybody was watching!
He was sick on the day of the examination, so he will take the make-up examination.
I started learning Thai last month.
The number of women of marriageable age has significantly increased over the last few years.
These pirates never leave any survivor when they kill.
This is my last exhortation to you. Take my advice or not, it's your call.
What type of boys do you like?
The incident was soon forgotten.
I am busy with my assignments, please don't bother me.
A toddler must fall on the ground unavoidably.
Confucius had some three thousand students.
These gifts are too precious, I cannot have them.
[ChatGPT]His wound got infected and is now oozing pus.
Burglars can probably tell the house is unattended by the piles of letters in the letterbox.
On "One Person, One Letter" Free Post Day, Hong Kong citizens may send one local mail for free.
Due to the typhoon, planes are stuck in the airport.
Temporarily closed for repairs.
I can't park here. I will circle around and get back.
It is seldom seen that Hongkongers are that united.
There are always weakness in human nature.
There is a glass bottle floating on the surface of the sea.
Usually there's always a calm before the storm.
You owe me 4 hundred dollars from the dinner last time.
Let's stop the conversation here. I have something urgent to do.
I hate listening to long-winded speeches as they would make me feel sleepy.
Whenever we go to a dim sum restaurant, my family orders jasmine tea.
The sand in my shoes is irritating my feet.
This company will start selling warrants publicly tomorrow.
He is so mean and often provocative, it is so hard to cooperate with him.
When she heard faint cries from the flaming apartment, she rushed in without a second thought.
The police smashed a prostitution racket and caught the head.
Have you gone to the last round of that singer's concert?
Kowloon Park is located at Tsim Sha Tsui.
Usually the last syllable of a couplet has to be in the oblique category!
Ming is afraid of needles, so he has never given blood.
The projector in the school is stolen.
My life is just like a comdey!
His grades are not quite bad.
He rose to the current position by flattering the boss.
All my friends promise that they will buy everyone a dinner. None of them keep their promises.
That's from the past. Let's not mention it anymore.
He was fired for being late for work all the time.
The chairman answered everything smoothly in the meeting, gaining the shareholders' trust successfully.
I only have two day-offs. What's the point of going on a holiday?
This film is a success with the public and a sequel is being considered.
Your wife does not only deal with housework, but also encourages you to learn more new things. She is such an excellent wife.
The fire engine crashed with a taxi when dashing for rescue.
A-chung left the convenience store without remembering to pay for the food. Now he's been accused of theft.
The hi-fi in his home is worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.
I set people up all the time but didn't expect how a smart guy like me would be set up one day.
In ancient times, women had no right.
The subject of science fictions has been one of the striking features in recent Hollywood films.
Today an organization is coming to our school to promote the anti-drug message.
After starving all day, we finally have something to eat.
Fire safety equipment and measures may not matter when no fires happen, yet fires could kill many. We'd better get them fixed.
They were arranged to appear at the end of the show.
I've long been off duty already, would you leave now?
She's not really crying, she's just pretending.
Just now we played dodgeball. A-chung, being so clumsy and unable to dodge, took dozens of hits to the face.
Use technologies to improve the yield of rice crops.
I will treasure this relationship.
This kind of plant survives so toughly.
He has worked 36 hours without sleep to meet a deadline.
He really has the special skill in performing magic tricks.
Finally, he speaks up for his wife.
In recent years, there have been cases from time to time in which animals and members of the public were injured by animal traps illegally deployed in rural areas.
She is a born beauty; she looks perfect even without makeup.
That judo master brought the rioter who attacked pedestrians under control in one fell swoop.
As the boss is on vacation, he would like to take a small advantage of this and to leave early.
Amy is so pretty. The C position belongs to her and her alone.
Sigh, I'm so upset. I've been friend-zoned again after I confessed my feelings.
The classroom emitted a burst of laughter.
His boss has always been late in paying his salary so the idea of resignation starts growing in his mind.
When I saw them discussing I knew they were planning to play some tricks on other classmates.
Her face has been disfigured as someone poured strong acid on her.
A lone thief robbed a gas station.
It's just a few bucks. Don't be so concerned about it.
This time he will be helpless no matter how hard he tries to find a way out.
Spedning credits will be given after transactions with the new credit card.
This amateur was infamous until he posted a video on YouTube.
How can my mathematical capability be compared with his?
The military officers are on trial for committing atrocities against the civilian population.
You can't get a high score on the paper if you don't quote enough information.
Hello, is this Miss Chan?
Your car was so bumpy. The ride made me wanna puke.
Fry the cooked noodles after drying them.
With reference to its path, the typhoon should land on the east.
The employees of this company are so young.
[ChatGPT]He worked as an apprentice in a beauty salon for three years and now he's graduated and can run his own business.
People hate unscrupulous merchants who profiteer from the disaster bitterly.
This brand of face cream contains a higher lead content than the standard.
It's 11 already. Hasn't he shown up yet?
Mum thinks that travelling by cable car is horrible.
I took the flight from Hong Kong to Munich, and then transferred to another flight to Berlin.
He's done many bad things.
It's no easy task to transform from a housewife into a professional woman.
The honorarium should indeed be a part of our expenditure.
He went outside in a haste.
Praise God, Hallelujah!
At most only twenty people were over there.
The minibus switching lanes like that scared the shit out of me!
Ah-kit can tell stories in a lively and vivid way so children like him very much.
Prestigious families are not in lack in the political and commercial sectors.
I have several millions in cash, and I am not sure if I should start investing in the stock / property market.
Don't you dare to teach the officer how to do his job.
She put lots of effort in canvassing.
An undersea earthquake leads to a tsunami.
She does everything attentively. She wouldn't have problems in taking care of a baby.
Some fungi grew on the bread, throw it away quickly!
He often forgets that he has moved to the coast. There was one time he had the audacity to have an afternoon nap during a number 8 typhoon.
He's not a very social person, he never hangs out besides squatting in the library.
For how long have you worn those sneakers? They look really old.
He has been in depression since his family member passed away.
We have a lot of issues in front of us that need to be dealt with.
to buy a second-hand iPhone at a high price
Don't worry about small potatoes like him.
Please enjoy the performance.
Cracking bones for a slimmer face? It's not based at all!
While you're in college, act quickly and get a girlfriend.
Too frightened, he went weak at the knees and knelt down.
He left his child in the care of his friend.
The poor get trapped in poverty without a proper home.
New students join orientation camps eagerly.
Ah-mui is short of breath after climbing 268 steps to the Big Buddha.
He talks the talk but does not walk the walk.
I'll go ahead for sure, I won't care about anything!
Meeting up with you again has been a wonderful surprise.
This restaurant is quite good.
I heard that people taking this subject usually have bad grades.
Five thousand dollars for a chair? Can it cure cancer?
The drama will be put on stage by tomorrow!
What a joy it is to lay eyes on such beautiful ladies.
He and his brothers are fighting against each other and trying to obtain one more share of his father's legacy.
That Kong girl got so fucking horny when she saw those muscular guys.
This movie evokes resonance among audiences.
Officials is having a press conference to notify the latest situation of the epidemic.
These fake products are so poorly made that it only takes one look to tell they're fake .
Your makeup is so thick that it's like you just plastered a wall. It's awful.
This pattern of development is not unique to Hong Kong.
When we have family gathering, we will talk casually about our life.
Why don't you personally clarify this incident?
Young people should venture out when they are still young.
When you travel abroad, be very careful and alert.
Would the coat be too big for her?
He loses his weight by going on diet and doing exercise.
I know you wear small size just by looking at you.
Scientific Officer (Medical), Department of Health
Snacks are bad for your health.
Don't be so timid, it is unnecessary to go to the ER for a small headache.
Siu-mei has been determined to become a doctor since she was little.
What a coincidence! I have to inevitably confront him now.
We may not be able to fully understand the actual pain suffered by the victims' families.
In which hotel was your graduation dinner held?
I will give you two hundred dollars if you help me to buy sth. Are you willing to do so?
Miss Chan hopes that we can all become people useful to society.
Today's temperature is in between 19 to 23 .
He won't eat vegetables no matter what. I can't do anything about it.
I can't stand my nosy colleagues anymore!
Beside the pharmacy rests a jewelry shop, next to it lies another one, its neighboring one is still a jewelry shop.
In order to understand the lives of children in the poor regions, we specially organized this visit.
Zhuge Liang's resourcefulness is unrivalled.
He overcame challenges and strove to come through, and finally has his achievements at the present.
Sigh, I'm really in need of money recently, I even have to pawn my watch.
Help me to cancel the order.
The problem of child gangs in this new town has not been rooted out yet.
If you are feeling nauseous, have a piece of salty dried plum.
Ming is family-oriented, attentive, and talented as well as handsome. To top it off, he has a successful career. He is the ultimate eligible bachelor in the eyes of many women.
This tree has been eroded by wind and rain and is at risk of falling at any time.
I can't compete, I'm so far behind in level compared with others.
This is just an accident, you don't need to blame yourself.
Even if the war is coming, he and his friends are still talking cheerfully and humorously.
School just started; we're especially busy.
To carry away rainwater, our drains must be kept clear.
She often seems to be angry with the entire world that she's so bitch-faced.
I will annihilate all political opponents.
Overlogging damages the ecosystem.
To prove murder, it must be first proved that there is a causal relation between the suspect's actions and the victim's death.
Be careful! There is a big puddle in front of you.
After stealing clothes you steal money again, you have done enough bad things, I won't forgive you this time.
Hey, don't move! You were cut by those poisonous creeper and I have already sipped most of the poison out.
That guy is screaming again. How insane he is!
I sat and stared at the starry sky. The night was cool as the water.
He replaced the famous painting with the duplicate and thought nobody would know.
My hand got hurt by oil when I was cooking and it was immediately blistered.
I don't know how to wrap a gift using wrapping paper.
Right after the incident, she went to hospital for wound inspection. Fortunately the wound was not severe.
Many people say that Wong Tai Sin grants our wishes.
It was a heavy rain that I was soaked to the skin.
That professor is an old by-the-book scholar. He's so inflexible.
My husband is so too attentive. He calls me every few hours in the day, asking what I am doing and saying he is always thinking about me.
I will leave you alone then. I'm afraid I will distract you.
You have to do this task well, or else you'll take all responsibilities.
Candidate 10 enjoyed widespread support and was crowned Miss Hong Kong.
The five senses can help us to know more about the world.
The sweet soup shop is well reputed. Of course there is an endless stream of customers.
The license holder shall have the right of abode in Hong Kong.
He/She may go abroad for further studies.
He always does weird stuff and I already get used to it.
Do you prefer traditional mooncakes or snowy mooncakes?
This is a student of mine that I care most.
It is extracted from 100% natural rubber latex proteins.
That big restaurant was closed down and over a hundred employees were dismissed.
Do you think he is too frugal in his daily life, that makes him looks so stingy ?
LegCo members protested by staging a walkout during the meeting.
Is the South China Football Team skilled enough to play in the Bundesliga, La Liga or EFL Championship?
There are thirty of us tonight.
The latest release of the Science magazine is great stuff. It talks about the super-massive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way.
We will use white granulated sugar in the dessert.
You can never sneak through a drug testing if you have been using banned drugs.
We have to work together to combat the plague.
EMSD said they would refund all fans with "Mei Mei Electrics" on the plug, where there is a large risk of short-circuiting.
Come on. Don't be so arrogant to think that you are the number one the world!
His ex-girlfriend looks better than his current one.
Your nephew is so cute that I want to pinch his face.
Remember to lock your doors and windows. Do not let the thieves have an opportunity to get in!
For he has taken the lead in quite a number of drama series in recent months, he is definitely the feature actor of TVB.
The emperor is fully occupied with work every day.
You are so careless that you always forget to bring your key!
Give us some of your opinions. Don't just echo someone's view.
The home team gained an initial advantage over the guest team by scoring a goal at the beginning.
The road surface looks blurred under the sunlight.
I am pissed whenever I see the HKSAR flag. How can we have such a bad design?
What do I have to do on a regular basis? Well, going for a leisurely walk, chatting with neighbours, and what not.
The ICAC is investigating into a case of fraudulent practices.
She dominated this plan.
Be careful. There is a crack in the cup.
I have bought the latest model of the laptop. Aren't you jealous?
I have forgotten to buy things for you.
He likes cycling and playing badminton.
The president attended the meeting on his own and solved the interest conflicts between two parties.
I thought I'd won [the prize]; too bad it was just a dream!
Nowadays, Hong Kong faces decline through negligence.
We've done all what we have to. Now it depends on how the lord makes his judgment.
You have never told me that you are underage. We need to visit the abortion clinic.
The wording in a legal document must be clear.
His performance in this TV drama tugs at the heartstrings of the audience, making them hard to forget.
Yesterday, I bugged him for some time before Ah-Chung finally lent me two hundreds dollars.
Boy, seeing him being alone and uncared for, who would heartlessly leave him on the street?
He just often leaves his job unfinished, he's irresponsible.
Boiling the meat can rid it of its smell.
I consider her to be the teacher who's helped me the most, because beyond academic material, she also taught me how to be a good person.
Some students were shouting in the hall during the assembly, and were punished by the teachers on the spot.
I swim and jog every day, hoping to lose weight by applying both methods at the same time.
I need some time to process the theory that the teacher talked about.
He'll be late; you have my word on it. In fact, he's probably still at home changing.
As soon as I get home, the most comfortable thing to do is to drop down on the sofa.
I want to buy a necklace for my dear.
Due to the bad whether, we need to terminate all the outdoor activities.
There're only few people, how could we start our meeting?
Are we having sex tonight?
Claiming that Q is definitely wrong because "if P then Q" is logically invalid, is a kind of fallacy called "argument from fallacy".
I call the shots around here: I make the decisions!
The new phone; the new star.
Don't walk on the escalator. It's dangerous.
After multiple renovations, this mansion finally returns to its former glory.
He kept looking calm when swallowing a whole plate of silkworms.
In trying to seek out her lost relatives, this old lady pawned the bracelet form her late mother, so as to afford an ad in the newspaper.
I grabbed a quick lunch at three and headed back to work.
People with no children will become lonely and dejected when they get older.
Can you distinguish which is real or fake?
The cat keeps annoying him and prevents him from working.
The cafe has not even broken even yet after operating for two years.
This article is a mess; I can't identify the central motif.
You were wasted and mugged last night!
You said you want to get into a good school, but now you play all day and not study at all,  words and deeds are not in accord, how can you pass the admission exam ?
The market crashed dramatically overnight. I have nothing left to speak of.
Even if I allow you to go ice skating, you cannot ice skate either.
During the earthquake, the building collapsed and around 50 people were buried alive.
The emergence of the new species of butterflies in Hong Kong proves the speculation that the warming climate leads to northward migration of some species.
This travel agency is very reliable.
The painting is too colourful that I can't distinguish any part from others.
That Benz, losing its control, mounted the pavement and hit the pedestrians.
Exploiting a legal loophole is not illegal, but it is best if you don't do such a dangerous thing.
A wedding ring should be put on the left ring finger.
Whisk the wheel when you arrive, I'll come down to pick you up.
The sunset glow yesterday was so beautiful.
Australia Dairy Company was the first cha chaan teng to use cream in its scrambled eggs, which makes it silky smooth and really delicious.
Those wearing short skirts in such cold weather must be slutty.
Heaven changes all at once, but people want to change, it takes a long time! It's really so hard to change a person's nature.
The fengshui of the tombs for ancestors can be related to the fortune of the later generations.
You can carry out a research project in the UK this time. How can others not be jealous of you?
He injured his waist during a ball game. It took him a whole month to recover.
physics, chemistry and biology
Ho ho ho! Santa Claus is coming!
You have broken many bowls already.
She is cash-strapped, so she keeps taking freelance projects.
The result of the nucleic acid test is negative.
Other important people reveal their name and title, but it doesn't mean you can. You are nobody here. Who do you think you are?
Why are you gazing for so long? Are you enthralled?
I revealed my feelings to him, but he rejected me.
He is sending his father to a home for the elderly since he couldn't take care of him.
Everybody mistakenly believes that I am popular with young girls.
His company is burning money so quickly, if it goes on like that, it will go bankrupt soon.
My son eats a lot but is not gaining weight at all so I suspect he has a parasitic disease.
The questioning from the member of the parliament points out his primary weakness.
How about we establish a business together?
I love to eat longans.  I love the refreshing sweetness.
We haven't met for so long. I am unsure whether he can remember me or not.
What's the laughing about? Mr. Chan is telling jokes again?
As the saying goes, "Rumors Stop at a Wise Man," so it is not necessary to clarify it.
After passing this slope, we will reach the destination.
All children under 12 enjoy 50% discount on fare.
Please give me a call before you come.
You're in no position to bargain with me.
This character is written wrongly. Erase it.
There's rubbish all over the floor. What a dump.
The circus show completely amazed the audience.
Even since the two of them had a big argument, they always turned their heads away, not talking to each other.
The site is in devastation and chaos. It makes me feel sorry.
The fee for parking a car is 50 dollars per hour.
Many fans bought their concert light boards and slogans to cheer for their idols
Nerds are usually rejected by their peer groups.
$100 for 3, feel free to look around.
Are those raw oysters edible? They seem a bit stale.
Your honour, I do not plead guilty!
He has been ill for two months. He hasn't recovered yet.
These things are kind of useless. We should throw away all of them when we move out.
He disappeared without a trace.
I constantly feel like I am being followed.
I am under the command of the 101st Airborne Division.
If I can't find a job, I might have to ask for alms!
Damn! The surveillance monitor is dead, how can this happen?
The matter of the campus brawls gets more and more serious.
In all seriousness though, I have considered calling the police.
My family history can only be traced back to the Late Qing Dynasty.
It hurts to get beaten with a whip, I can barely imagine how that could be pleasurable.
Don't ever think that you can mistreat others just because you are stronger.
I can't imagine why anyone could behave so cruelly.
You are always passing the buck, which is very irresponsible.
This makeshift wet market has been running for ten years, and there are no plans to close it.
Not all poisoned people need gastric lavage. We should let the doctor examine first.
I don't want to emigrate because I don't want to leave my friends.
He was born abroad, so he is unable to write Chinese characters.
With the passage of time, that incident was gradually forgotten.
Government officials said that universal suffrage should be implemented in a step-by-step manner, but the public want to have the civil nomination since the first election.
Come to us for help again next time.
Mr. Chan has always been selfish. He deserves the betrayal of his friends and family.
That child has lived a very miserable life. Once he was born, his parents abandoned him right by the gate of the orphanage.
I was at my room at that time.
You have finished half of the assignment, it doesn't matter to finish the other half.
I will whip you with my cane if you keep on yelling.
The battery of the engine seems to be dead, I cannot start the car no matter how many time I have tried.
Husband book a restaurant to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary.
"I dropped a candy under the desk." "Use a pen to move it out."
Chairman gave a speech in English after giving it in Chinese. It's like going on a NICAM.
Why did you reveal the secret?
The government appointed many Leung Chun-ying supporters to various committees.
This phone costs only 300 dollars!
Water is an odorless, transparent liquid.
Charlie Chaplin was a master of mime.
As he did not do his revision before the exam, it's not others' problem that he fails.
He is so thin and feeble. How could he face off against me?
Droughts do serious harm to farm productivity.
HE is exactly that extra actor who can't be more unimportant.
Let's review the key points taught last lesson.
The world will be divided after being united for a long time, but will be united again after being divided for a long time.
You can run 1600 meters in 5 minutes, but I can't.
Nowadays, admitting to being leftist is as tough as coming out of the closet.
The Taoist priest claims he knows how to perform tricks and see the results of the next Mark Six draw.
The words in this book are too dense and numerous, it is really a pain to read.
We have to walk on a rugged mountain path.
This transparency of this committee is very low. People never know what exactly their work is.
During the Second World War, in order to flee from the Japanese army, my parents escaped from war and came to Hong Kong.
Many schools would pick pleated skirts as school uniform.
How much is it valued after this golden necklace is melted?
Even if you ask him to give up smoking, he can't change overnight. So as the saying goes, the leopard cannot change its spots.
The witch morphs into a cat.
Ming could not come owing to several reasons.
I like the fluffy look of souffle.
You messed up everything. Now we're in big trouble!
This business can make a profit of $1 million a year.
We have two daughters already. This time we want a son.
It's indeed a greatly delightful experience in one's life to meet with one's bosom friend.
He has only got one day left. I doubt he has other tricks up his sleeve.
It's you who told me to mind my own business.
This cell phone looks sleeker than the previous one.
She's a lesbian. Save yourself from flirting her.
It turns cold. I'll take the cotton-wadded quilt out.
Tsing Ma Bridge belongs to a kind of suspension bridge.
That guy disguised as a doctor and saw patients in a hospital, and was only discovered after two months!
The headquarter wants you to be the CEO of the subsidiary.
Our whole team is hurrying to finish the project. I'm not free to discuss how to arrange the ceremony in next month.
Why are there clothes everywhere? Put them back in the wardrobe.
She always wants to win the Mark Six, but hasn't even ever won the consolation prize in the past twenty years.
Stephen Chow's movies are broadcast on TV from time to time.
Ah Chung's cellphone was confiscated by the teacher today.
The house is so quiet, seems no one lives in here.
This guy is amiable and easy-going.
Many street-connected children are those who can't go to school.
This dish looks unattractive, but it doesn't taste bad.
Grandpa went to practise Tai-chi in the early morning.
The selling point of this restaurant is that the food sucks so bad that no one will come after the hype dies down.
Every child is very fond of playing.
There are many Chinese tourists, so many shops accept Renminbi.
We've arrived at the destination.
Please move these files over there.
Don't drag people into such problematic situation!
How many days of annual leave do you have in a year?
Someone told me that using a baby-walker delays onset of walking.
Will your husband come and have dinner with us?
The hills are empty with no one there. The moon shines in solitude.
The police should ensure witness's personal safety.
The loose powder has been lost. You should apply for additional make-up as soon as possible.
Don't think any more. Take action!
Nowadays cervical cancer has become a preventable disease: by means of vaccination.
That hat does not look as good as the hat further.
Some say electric toothbrushes are better at cleaning.
Siu Ming didn't pocket money others left behind, and he handed a purse with a few thousands in it to the police.
They worked in a huge hurry to finish those several pieces of transcripts.
When I was cheating on the exam today, I was caught by the teacher red-handed.
He doesn't have any empathy at all. He even smiles when he sees people being beaten up.
A great mother is willing to sacrifice herself to save her children.
What is really on your mind?
Two groups of people engaged in a fight in a bar last night.
I pass through this place whenever I go to work.
Asking for directions along the way, we arrived at our destination in no time.
The girls in anime might look cute when they always point their toes inwardly, but if we do it in real life, it would be really harmful to our legs.
Many people are just bystanders, laughing at other people.
We hold book discussion sessions every month and announce the topic at the beginning of every month.
To arrest thieves is the work of policemen.
I'm so broke in recent days that I dare not have a meal.
In order to evade paparazzi at the airport, they chose to catch the morning flight to Bangkok.
My wife vent her anger by being tough with me, she picks my small faults and amplify it as big as the sky.
When sodium and chlorine chemically combine, they become sodium chloride - table salt used in eating.
The stock market reached 24,000 points the other day.
A prepaid SIM card can save you from being stranded by mobile phone contract.
Does anyone else have comments about this plan?
This is my son, he came to help out at the shop today.
Both of us have feelings for each other.
Recently, casualties are caused in a fatal car accident in Tin Shui Wai.
In his nineties, this old man is still strong and healthy.
We can see a panoramic view of the harbor at the peak.
The washroom is extremely smelly. How often do you clean your toilet?
Because of poor quality, we decide to switch suppliers.
Dont go out after you catch the flu. It is better to rest at home.
No one answered the phone. I'm sure he's not at home.
She is an active person in the school, everyone knows her.
According the injunction issued by the court, he needs to work on his detoxification in rehab.
You are not allowed to go into this room.
Don't eat tonics right after giving birth!
This is a robbery! Your money or your life?
Do you want to watch a blue film with me?
Cherish everything you have now.
That's why I have never done this.
He made some simple food to serve his friends.
He is a keyboard warrior that only speak the empty talk on the Internet.
A group of ferocious bandits robbed the bank with weapons and shot a pedestrian.
He is just sitting there and staring blankly. No one knows where his mind is off to.
After the war, many houses became wrecked and broken.
Because her parents were against her date/love affair, she decided to leave her home.
I really want to bust his chops over his gibberish.
Fill up the stomach and leave, it's time to work .
I'm seasick from the bumpy boat ride.
You'd better let me have an IOU for such a large amount of money.
After she graduated from the college, she works and learns on her own at the same time, hoping she can enter the university next year.
The depth of that pool is 3 metres.
When will you come back? I need to decide when to start steaming the fish.
I came to apologize./Please accept my apology.
The supporters of both side boo at their counterparts.
I am teaching foreigners how to speak Cantonese.
Immediately after the earthquake, the relevant authorities declared the area a disaster area.
You see that sissy over there. Do you remember him?
The moon is bright tonight. It will be fit to enjoy the moon outdoors and share private feelings.
I've seen the Milky Way. I thought it was a big cloud.
A-chung is someone who has received few punishments for his wrongdoings.
She's busy, how could she have a leisurely and carefree mood to see cherry blossoms with you?
You are always fooling around at work. Be careful not to get sacked by the boss.
How dare you take snacks away from your boss! No sense of hierarchy!
After this exam, the first term of school ends.
Sit properly. Don't jiggle your feet!
Good luck on your interview this afternoon. You can do it!
I don't like Hong Kong style milk tea.
I want to compete with a chess-master to find out where I stand.
This company is known as the ShouLin Temple in IT industry, an important place to train up IT participators. Anyone who has gone through this is proven to be capable.
He drains all the benefits for himself in every situation, no wonder he has little friends.
Because of the great deficit, the company needs to lay off its employees.
You are such a merciless person. Watch out as you might have a child with no arse!
When people visit Holland, they often buy a pair of clogs as souvenirs.
This shirt is nice and yet inexpensive, this is really good value for money!
Let me know when you are on the bus, I would come down to the bus stop and pick you up.
You guys should thank god as soon as possible that you were still alive after such an accident.
The lawyer read the will to the family members of the deceased.
artichoke, apple, carrot, cashew soup
When I get married in the future, I want to look for a brother in Christ.
The minibus rushed down so fast that it is in fact quite terrible.
He feels extremely calm at this moment.
Give me the deposit receipt after the transaction.
The competition format for this event is round-robin.
Small investors like us are never able to fight with those stock predators.
He can barely boil an egg, much less cooking up a meal.
Brazil only lost 0-3 against the Netherlands, it's already an improvement compared with their match with the Germans!
Every weekend, people come to this country park in small groups to have a barbecue picnic.
You will only hurt yourself if you aren't willing to compromise and cooperate.
I graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1997.
Don't keep repeating what you already said, I know what to do.
The turnover of today is lower than what we expected.
I got into the wrong elevator and went to the floor above.
With due respect and humble submission, I beg to state the following few lines of your kind consideration and favourable order please.
Along with the development of society, the landscapes of the brooks change as well.
The climate is very dry as it has not been raining for a week.
My whole body is aching after that overnight work.
Grandpa has heart disease, and cannot stand any sudden excitment.
Writers from all across the nation enthusiastically supported the "Write as you speak" campaign.
The youngest member in a household, like a younger brother, may not have much discourse power due to their age.
The star has become wildly popular since their film became a hit; their popularity is still at the top.
This guy does all kind of bad things, so nasty!
He concentrates and takes a closer look. It seems that the words jump and leap on the paper.
It's tea time. Let's grab some cheap dim sum.
I could never have thought that even powdered milk is available in a bookshop nowadays.
You go home so late. Don't you afraid that your wife would twist your ears?
The Japanese committed rape all over Nanjing.
I had a nightmare and was scared to sweat all over my body.
Our factory had only 10-ish people at the beginning.
My dad isn't educated; He is kind of rude, don't blame him for not knowing some etiquette.
How inconsiderate you are to litter!
He indirectly admitted he liked you by his saying.
His look is quite special.
That footbridge is charging us several billions. To capture money in that way is better than to rob the bank.
He's always gone without a trace at dinner time. Has he been going out on dates?
The moment we met, I felt like time was frozen.
As you claimed they are not your fellow travelers, then why are you planning to hold a primary?
They've occupied a piece of land in the village.
I know you didn't mean to do that. I'll forget it.
Ruled by an autocratic government, the people are having a hard time.
During the coronavirus pandemic, everyone just stayed home and avoided going out.
It's 3:15 already, let's go and have afternoon tea!
She has a particular interest in drinking tea.
Real Madrid is losing by one goal but I bet on them to win.
The Castle Peak Cable Tunnel allows for the installation of eight high voltage cable circuits.
The suspect is a 30-year-old woman.
This is only a piece of cake, there is no need to thank me.
He deceived the government to receive unemployment benefit.
Take it as a good lesson learnt.
Ip Man knocked down ten japs in a blink of an eye.
Their whole family likes watching football games.
Boys and girls have to sit alternatively.
Regulating our breaths can help us fall asleep easily.
I've decided to resign and immigrate to a foreign country/abroad.
How many spoons of sugar do you want to add to your cup of lemon water?
He likes to ad-lib on stage.
This company produces printed materials with good quality.
She's got her fists clenched and seems to be looking for a fight.
There are many ornaments hanging on the Christmas tree.
I give you the contract tomorrow.
It's good to have a dream; that way, society will have the impetus it needs to improve.
The hull started to tilt after water gushed in.
During the black rainstorm signal, pupils should stay at home.
Don't listen to him. He's all talk.
We will attend the open day of Lingnan University together tomorrow.
He loves going whoring to satisfy his sexual desire.
The fish in the pond are very colourful!
He is holding his daughter in his arms, watching her fall asleep.
Due to the epidemic, basketball courts are yet to reopen.
My sister wants to lose five pounds of weight before the wedding banquet.
On this section of the road, the speed limit lowers sharply from 80 to 50km/h. Many drivers carelessly get speeding photos taken by the roadside speeding detector.
Is the revenue and expenditure balance for this month positive or negative?
Here is the fatass! Get him!
"Beautiful" and "ugly" are antonyms.
I have set the alarm clock to ring at seven o'clock tomorrow morning.
The distillery announced that production of two types of whisky would cease within the year.
Visitors' footprints are found throughout the country.
Putting various records and analysis together, we cannot rule out the credibility of the secret history.
The intensity of rhythm is very important when discussing music.
The two universities are neck and neck regarding their medical research.
He has taken upon the burden of feeding his family at such a young age.
You need to swell up the snow fungus before cooking it.
He was thrown out of the game by the referee for violating the rules.
"Thank you very much!" "You're welcome."
Do you know where I can withdraw cash nearby?
We have to record this important moment.
Liverpool defeated Manchester United by 10 goals.
I haven't seen your daughter for a long time.
Wearing a hat indoors is impolite.
This website was designed by me.
Our lunch has not even started digestion in our stomachs and just now we are going to have an afternoon tea?
The concert was excellent, but the fly in the ointment was that it was a bit too short.
His enthusiasm towards reading is soon lost.
I make a special trip to visit you today.
They have been discussing for the whole afternoon, but their still get no meeting of minds, no agreement is yet compromised.
He was too mature in his youth, and would always mimic an adult's way of speaking.
Haven't seen you for a long time! You have become more mature!
This is an astronomical telescope, with which we can see stars.
Your mileage is sufficient for you to redeem a round trip ticket to Europe.
The bacterial content of this beach has exceeded the standard, and it is not suitable for swimming.
Despite being an adult, A-Chung still fears the supernatural.
Cantonese has retained many features of Middle Chinese, but also slightly resembled the languages of Baiyue peoples.
Everybody's working hard with their research, and you're just sitting here asking stupid questions. Why don't you do us a favour - shut up?
For three nights in a row, Ah-Chung kept playing video games without sleep. This morning, he suddenly collapsed in a seizure. Then he was sent to the hospital.
If you don't lead me, I will definitely lose my way.
The food that the hawkers sell in the streets is unhygienic.
The lawyer said this person committed the offence out of greed.
A kleptomaniac has no free will not to steal things.
The fantasy world of Disneyland makes you feel as if you have left the real world.
He murdered somebody just because of a wrong thought at a critical moment.
The piano is a musical instrument with a wide range of pitches.
This restaurant is very famous for their dim sum.
His jokes aren't good at all!
He is a sloppy and disorganized person, unable to concentrate on work.
Nowadays, teenagers start smoking at a very early stage. Seeing this makes me angry.
There is no self in anything, and no existence is eternal.
Listening to that song made me feel low and depressed.
You two, look, if you want to mock an argument, do it quietly.
He is a sweet talker.
This chicken looks so fatty. This one, please.
If you move further from downtown, transportation will cost $10 more per day. Think about the long run.
It's just a tabloid, why would you expect them to have journalistic ethics?
What's the pound-to-dollar rate?
A-chung doesn't read at all and has no class. He lacks any degree of sophistication!
I don't agree with his M.O.
Please smile naturally, don't be too reserved.
You bastard just sod off already, you're not welcome here!
It is valid until 31st August this year.
I'm short of money these days, so can you lend me some money to use?
You will be healthier if you eat more fruits.
The Hong Kong Team will step up their training and hope to attain ticket to the Olympic trial next month.
Does my use of punctuation below make any sense?
The local government is suppressed by the central government.
In a profit-driven society, people easily get lost.
Your messy mop of hair makes you look lethargic and unenergetic. Do something about it!
Even to this day, scientists are still struggling to explain why dinosaurs went extinct.
Stupid tricks like that could only fool a three-year-old kid.
Fast for six hours before the surgery.
We all hope that he won't retire so early, and that he will continue to remain in office.
Your headphone matches the phone.
After the explosion, the wreckage of the plane scattered on the sea.
Oh no! I've forgotten my keys.
There are protesters at the gate of government headquarters because of electoral reformation. Meanwhile, in New Territories, there are  rallies of the same agenda.
He's so troublesome. that you are the only one who can tolerate him.
So you'd like to join the beauty contest like others, with such a bad-looking face?
This is just to vent out my boredom at work.
We can't earn much from this trade.
There is a lot of cat hair on your shirt.
There are only a few tiny spots. People won't notice them.
People think dai pai dong dishes are cooked with extra strong flame stove. It is very likely due to strong smell from kitchen filling in the small area of the stall.
Rich people get richer and richer. There is no way we can leave poverty.
These cans of food are past their "best before" date. Throw them away!
The entire company follows her lead!
Hey, what does he know - the tricks he uses are merely the same one or two all the time.
One should pay extra attention to hygiene, during the flu season.
To find more land, the process of homesteading is necessary for expansion into new territories
At which position are you in the station?
They sat there for nearly an hour.
I can tell from her saggy breasts that she used to have surgical implants.
Impossible, I won't concede for this issue!
Whenever I order iced water with lemon, my mum asked me why don't I order lemon tea. She said ingredients of lemon tea cost more.
She doesn't know even simple things like these. She's driving me crazy.
I heard that he was charged with rape, and is now in prison.
This task is very important, we have to finish it.
Applause from the audience is the best encouragement.
I know I'm a fool to fall in unrequited love, but I can't forget her!
I lost the charger for my camera, and I want to get a replacement somewhere.
Recently there's a economic downturn, this type of development plans have to be put aside.
The mountain is filled with endlessly white fog.
After everyone had left, this place became quiet again.
They are negotiating the value of this transaction.
Having chocolate during menstrual period can reduce discomfort.
Hydrogen balloons can hover mid-air.
Now, Fatty Lai. I support you this time.
Seeing that he is struggling so hard to move that thing, I think he deserves some help.
When he was small, his parents passed away successively.
It was the dude who acted on his own initiative to take advantage!
I am lucky enough to pass, even though I haven't done any revision.
Actually, which server has more players?
This handbag costs $3000. It was so expensive.
Your quick improvement in your academic results is commendable.
Use a sandpaper to polish it a bit.
The business is doing so badly that taking out rents and wages, we can't make any profit.
Please give a round of applause to our guests.
Can you serve up the thick soup now?
Every year during New Year's visits, my clueless relatives always ask me, "So, how much do you make now?"
The government must have an itchy ass now, they are trying to implement the copyright amendment bill even nobody wants it.
I'm begging you, please give me a bun to eat! I haven't eaten for three days already!
This TV uses the latest technology and offers superior picture quality.
It's quite unsafe lately. Don't come home late at night.
I think the overall result is quite good.
Those barbarians are no match for us Cantonese.
Taking a math test without a calculator is like going into the battlefield without a gun.
I heard that that blood bank is running out of blood, so I went to donate some.
Although The Chinese University of Hong Kong is not the best university in Hong Kong, It is still considered one of the top three universities.
This complementary teaching materials focus on four aspects, namely, listening, speaking, reading and writing, of the English language.
Mum, the cute version of the soft toy is so cute, I want it!
Matrix multiplication is not commutative
He seldom does housework, so he has soft hands.
There's a bunch of people over there, I wonder what they are up to.
I am so frustrated that the matter has developed in such a way.
This is grey but not pink, do you have anomalous trichromacy?
Why are you eating like a pig? Don't choke yourself.
Being impatient is his fatal flaw.
No matter what, I am going to appeal.
Refunding any bread or cakes are not applicable.
Keep a low profile when you watch porn.
Although the realtor claimed that flat was gorgeous and a bargain, Mrs Chan remained slightly doubtful and unwilling to buy it.
Due to good growing conditions, the flowers are growing beautifully.
That bitch must have caught wind that the lecherous big boss was going to give her a hard time today. That's why she dressed all sexy.
This ethnic community has long been oppressed by the government, but they still keep developing their own language and culture.
The girl has done a lot for everyone without taking credit.
Take the food out to the living room and watch TV!
I can only explain the theory. You will have to learn the practical aspects yourself.
You have to ask yourself: Have you ever had feelings towards her?
While the business goes south during the epidemic, the property owners raise the rent. Aren't they fishing in troubled waters?
Every official has sloppy shoulders, how can we stand this?
Street interviews often take place in Soy Street.
The alleys are occupied by the shops to store their goods.
The pool is so deep that it may drown kids.
I will never play chess with you anymore. You win every time. It's no fun.
The project is worth approximately 3 billion dollars.
Don't keep talking about the same topic!
This guy suffers from Chunibyo. He thinks he is Sasuke Uchiha.
There will be a steady stream of banquet guests arriving soon.
Don't get into the quarrel of others. You will only worsen the situation.
That bastard took all the credit without so much as saying "thank you", and he pretends to be a major contributor in front of the bosses. That's so low of him.
Make-up easily becomes cakey as the weather changes these days.
The texture of the cake is too dense, not a good one.
The coffee table is so low that I have to bend when I get the coffee.
As he could not help pissing in his pants during the lesson, he was ridiculed for a whole year.
My account was banned earlier for using a fake name.
As far as I can recall, she is not that type of person.
The standard issue weapon of Hong Kong's cops is still a revolver.
If you use different color folders to store data from different categories, that will help you to not get things mixed up.
If the government increases taxes by twenty per cent, there is a good chance it will lead to riots.
He is the best-looking boy in school? You must be kidding me.
This company lost many tens of billions of dollars last year. Investors are scurrying to sell the stock to cut losses.
Please come to my shop tomorrow. I will ask my colleague to have a follow-up for you.
These days the company is adopting the old packaging of their drinks.
My parents have high expectations on me.
Pass more. Shoot less.
He don't even know a single person in here, if I were him, I would also keep totally silent.
I suddenly woke up last night.
Stunning robbers are active these days. Be careful when walking at night!
I forgot my wallet at home and I'm still at the restaurant and waiting for someone to bring cash over.
It just so happened that I saw him yesterday, so I told him about it.
He really nitpicks. Everybody is afraid of him.
Every Sunday, there are a lot of Filipino maids in Central.
[ChatGPT]After finding out their competitor went bankrupt, they became arrogant and thought they were invincible.
The posture and movement of the tango are very beautiful.
Different glasses should be used for different wines.
I lost a lot for my stocks this year.
He doesn't just work overtime. Sometimes, he couldn't even rest on public holidays.
[ChatGPT]My car's been acting up for the past few days, and the garage said it was the transmission. I had to bring it in for repairs.
Everyone came in pairs and I was the only one who's single.
A stock has shown a good uptrend today.
to pay a whirlwind visit to Hong Kong
The first premise, is that everyone with their gender on their ID card written as male, are legally males.
I feel quite embarrassed to bother him.
Stabbed by the killer, the victim screamed in agony and died.
After vacationing for a while, the mailbox has accumulated a pile of letters.
May the photographer of the organizer please come to the front of the stage to stand by.
I will make him suffer until he's broken and his reputation is swept away and he can never make it back up.
People said undergoing general anaethesia will make a person dumber, is that so, doc?
Our manager fired an employee who always shows up late at work as a warning to the others.
She dressed so gorgeously tonight.
I dislike him for a long time. It's time to get him screwed up!
In Korea, almost all men have to perform obliged military service.
He's a millionaire. Of course he'd be one to say things like, "money isn't everything."
Go sound him out tomorrow to see whether he knows something.
There will be a brass concert in the school this Sunday.
I'll check the progress and get back to you.
Many turbines have been installed on the rolling hills. The scenery is stunning.
Can you do me a favour and go buy some drinks please?
I feel no interest in the topic after his introduction.
You've gone out with your girlfriend for so long already; have you not had sex with her yet?
The country gradually transformed itself into a orderly machine under his iron fist.
Have you ever seen the soramimi subtitles of Thai version of "Gold Lightan"'s theme song?
Why are you covering up your face with your hands, are you shy?
Don't celebrate too early. Sixty marks is the passing line.
This article has been shared a little over twenty thousand times.
I've been owning a cat for ten years.
How insane you are. Why the heck should I tell you what I did?
Let's watch a movie tonight. I'll buy the tickets.
Submit a self-reflection letter tomorrow to show you're really sorry.
Wilson Road was named after the first Surveyor General, Wilberforce Wilson.
Seeing others play so happily, he was eager to have a try.
That granny makes a living by scavenging cardboard.
This bus terminus will be used to construct new building.
He is in a blue mood today. I advise you not to piss him off.
I have finally realize your true nature today.
This couple make others envy so much.
[ChatGPT]Can you help me find out if your company is hiring or not?
It's really hard to fathom what he's thinking.
The latest policy will intensify the conflict between the two ethnic groups.
This is too messy! I cannot see it clearly.
The full devotion in completion of the task in solidarity marks sincerity.
I have had two maths lessons and am now a bit tired.
I have to rest my head on two pillows when I sleep.
I spend half of my pocket money buying the clothes.
You want to look up this word? This dictionary is just what you need.
About five hundred students live in this dormitory.
Personal style is what actually makes the strongest weapon of oneself.
Getting lost on the way but ending up in such a good restaurant that serves good food, really is a fault on the right side.
We have already recruited a few students to help transcribe the recordings.
It's almost done, give me a bit more time.
The entrance of the tunnel is like a bottleneck, therefore there are always traffic jams.
He is a professional gambler. He plays big and wins big.
How would the property price rise if banks do not approve loans?
Shit, I forgot to wear a belt.
You two! One of you has jumped a red light and the other one has overspeeded. You two are the same!
The newspaper company is implementing its membership system stage by stage.
My clothes are so shabby. People are going to look at me with disdain if I go to the party like this.
I can eat a pan-fried pork bun eventually. I'm very happy!
You'd better not swim backstroke when it is too sunny.
She is such a party animal that she never leaves the dance floor until four or five every morning.
You'd better finish your homework quickly!
Wear a knee brace so you won't get injured easily.
It's a real shame if we lose.
He gets really busy on Fridays.
Use a toothpick to poke it, don't use your hands.
The building is so tall that only a low-angle shot can capture all of it.
This sweater shrinks after two washes.
Eligible contractors can apply for subsidies.
Citizens should stay indoors or take shelter in a safe place until the heavy rain has passed.
The company promoted him as the general manager of the London offices.
Their love grows thicker as the calendar goes thinner.
More and more Bauhinia medals are awarded every year on the first of July, which greatly depreciates the honor these medals stand for.
I can't dive-in to swim. I simply push off the pool's edge.
Although he's busy with work, he spends a lot of time and energy to look after his ageing parents.
In the authorities' view, "to reclaim / recover" implies that China admits "unequal treaties", which is less politically correct than "to resume exercise of sovereignty".
The pressure washer's water pressure is not bad; it cleans very well.
Look at his chubby, lovely face. I really want to kiss him on the cheek!
Children who have good upbringing will be well liked.
Various alternate Saturday-off systems in the workplace make very small differences.
Everyone should have the basic acknowledgement of hygiene.
After a day's hard work, it's time to relax now. (lyrics)
Her voice has got hoarse. I speak for her.
I don't want to bring my purse for lunch. A $500 note should be much more than enough, right?
This company has already formally employed me as a manager.
Look, two girls are fighting over there!
I've become fatter as I'm in middle age. I can't eat that much.
It's not cheap to hold up the venue. It takes almost $300 per person.
Everyone must recognize good people or else he will be easily deceived.
It astonishes me that you decide to trust someone whom you have never met rather than your family.
He's so impulsive that he's always not thinking about the consequence before he does something.
Do you know why you got a naught in the exam? You are reading comics all the time.
If you saw someone dressed real badly, you wouldn't laugh out loud, would you?
By this way the car will go faster and smoother.
The outdated old system should be abolished as soon as possible.
Put a drop of this deadly poison into the pot of soup. You bet he will die soon after he has it.
To work in this business, you have to keep your promises.
The Earth is not a perfect sphere.
Pantry is the place where colleagues have gossips.
We got someone fainted here, call the ambulance now!
I haven't exchanged letters with my pen pal for a long time. Is he doing well now?
He wanted to obtain approval from his senior officials.
Don't be so judgmental to your new colleagues. Who says they won't rise up the ranks faster than you?
What? The filling of the dumplings is cabbage and pork? How can I eat this?
There is a run on the bank, many people are queuing up to take their money out of it.
The car insurance fee will be higher if one buys a car with a new driving license.
This credit card has an annual fee.
Our education needs to advance with changes.
She kept on nodding her head, so I guess she agreed with what I said.
Shakespeare's work never ages.
Chen Ping has the wisdom, yet it is difficult for him to take the responsibility on his own.
All you got is boring lectures, no wonder why people are not interested in your words.
Let's arm-wrestle and see whose arm falls off first.
Children are born to be thinkers.
If you do this again, I won't talk to you anymore!
The cicada outside is buzzing so loudly! Get rid of it!
There is no secret between close friends.
After Hong City Telecom has raised the service fee, CCP Mobile followed it today and announced to rise rates from next Monday.
He is always a volunteer, he worth to be a good person.
The patient on bed 15 broke water, and has bloody show, but there are no contractions yet.
Draw a square to encircle the triangle.
The headmaster told a joke after a long while. The hall is filled with laughter.
He spent a large fortune to bribe his son's superiors in order to pave the way for him.
He's still looking for a job after two months.
Who's the person standing next to him?
He has his own ways on investment.
Hacken Lee loves sending gifts to people, what a generous guy!
This is just a tentative plan.
In response to the regional situation, the military spending continues to increase this year.
Look, you scratch too much that it hurts!
At first I didn't want to take that job, but then I had no choice and I had to take it for that moment.
Drug dealing will ruin a man's whole life. I won't do such vile things.
If the government does not subsidise us, we won't be able to carry out many of our research projects.
With constantly placating, his anger finally disappeared.
This app consumes a lot of power.
I love music very much since my childhood.
You've cut the paper into broken fragments and bits. How can I use them?
I always keep a red ballpoint pen at hand.
The equipment in this operation room complies with international standards.
Where have you little bastard gone to?
Because I really like this singer, every time she releases a new CD I will buy three copies to show my support.
He was just dumped, totally dispirited now, almost crying, which is quite pathetic.
The teacher did not end the lesson even it had been late.
The park in our neighborhood is often occupied by a group of teddy boys smoking there
We've done nothing wrong, it's society's fault!
I'm confident that I can finish this task.
Robbing a bank? You must be crazy!
This is her first day of work, it ok for her to be green.
Have any publishing house contacted you about publishing your works?
To construct a bridge requires lots of resources.
In the graduation ceremony, I took photos with my classmates.
Mind your words when you speak.
Wednesday is the most tiring day of the week.
We lost this competition.
I worked so hard to write a proposal for you. Why won't you read it?
Is Taliban a terrorist group?
He was born without lymph glands, therefore he gets sick easily.
Looking at windmills naturally makes me think of the Netherlands.
Tamar Park sits adjacent to the LegCo Complex.
The government built roads on the reclaimed land.
You are 50 years old already and you call yourself a girl? Give me a break!
Zi Ming can never receive the shuttlecock when playing badminton.
The football team has a strong reserve team.
If you haven't taken enough credits, you can't graduate.
There's no need to care too much about what others think.
[ChatGPT]Is his face as black as a burnt pot?
The restaurant will close not later than 11:30 tonight.
I will join tonight's party late.
The main body of the letter is made up of only three lines.
Can you distinguish which of these antique vases is the real one?
After all he's senior in the company. He's paid efforts.
Please help me to chop the cloth following this paper model.
In accordance with such-and-such ordinance, I will escort you to the police station for further questioning.
The triad society is an underworld organisation.
You should pluck up the courage to face the competition.
A senior official joined a developer via revolving door, which induces controversy.
He is now wheezing from an allergic reaction after having seafood.
Employers and employees should mutually agree on the arrangement during typhoon in advance.
We will be here from 2 o'clock to 6 o'clock.
What a small world. I run into people I know wherever I go.
The most important thing about swimming is to learn to breathe properly.
After all his failures, this win saved his face.
I've applied for several jobs, but there's been no reply.
Remember to test the bicycle brakes before you set off.
If I can pass this test, I will formally become a houseman!
I won't do the homework for the moment. I'll do it later.
An employee who is injured on the job should be compensated according to the labour law.
He has more free time after retirement and plays chess to kill time.
It's hot here, why not take your jacket off.
From now on we are carefree and desireless.
The pain-killer you took was merely a stopgap. You should get to the root and find out why often have a headache.
The magistrate admonished the press not to name the victim.
This doctor is lecturing in an amusing way.
It's about to rain. Let's go indoors.
Emperor Chu executed many of his followers.
Being obedient, don't cry.
But you must be more moderate in your drinking. Too much wine can easily lead to serious trouble!
We were just saying that we want some drinks and we suddenly found a drinks vending machine.
I keep working and now have a mental fatigue.
Though I have been in the realm of love for many years, I never fall in real love with anybody.
I am confident with my team will emerge victorious.
Talents engage in fields unrelated to what is learnt.
Miss, I can foretell that you will encounter a huge change in your fortune after 3 years.
Summer brings rainwater to the earth.
He has already saved the particulars of all employees to file.
The school asked him to learn a musical instrument. He chose to play violin.
I sent many job application letter, but there isn't any reply.
If the line of defense is broken, they will probably lose the war.
I'll kneel down to you, don't take away my house!
The anti-triad team is now investigating drug trafficking activities of the triad society.
He wears his headphone everywhere.
You are always complaining, but why don't you try to be more proactive?
Do not get something that doesn't belongs to you.
That house used to be a railway station.
Why not have a meal in a Japanese Restaurant?
It's very easy to make me happy, for example, you treat me a meal.
My girlfriend claimed that she had the hair cut but the difference is so subtle that I could not even notice!
You've been humiliating me for a whole day. For what?
You'd better find her after she finishes being busy doing important things.
We should take the opportunity to study more when we are young.
I love to collect first day covers, as I believe that they've got sentimental value.
This company has very few employees, how can it compete with its competitors?
Eat less meat, and eat more vegetables!
There is a long way to travel. Please be careful about everything.
Press the cans flat before you take them for recycling!
To swim outdoors in winter is one of the ways to enhance your willpower.
I have never tried water skiing.
There is too much deadwood in this company, it is only going to collapse upon itself.
Besides her full-time job, she has two part-time jobs.
You will take care of the baby. Just leave the rest to me.
There are 3 types of patterns you can choose from.
Many shops have closed because of the pandemic.
The results of this company recently is quite bad.
He is way too nice, running errands for practically everyone.
Let's not dig up stuff from eons ago to talk about.
He is so rich but why is he so mean?
He put the vase in a box with the utmost care.
I don't have good knowledge of finance, but there is someone that I can ask.
It's not only you; I also got a call from him.
He has got his reason to commit murder.
The boss saw his employee got into trouble, so he fired that employee immediately.
I am criticized seemingly, but it is you actually.
The cooker switch of the electric water heater is not working. There is no light even the switch is on.
He is very angry right now. You'd better come back again.
I'm always forgetting my keys.
Let me lean on your shoulder.
Many monster parents always boost their children by forcing them to learn lots of things.
There isn't such a thing at all. You shouldn't believe the rumours he creates.
My brother gives my mother some money to help the family out each month.
His emotion is extremely unstable. He can be crying at the moment but smiling in next minute.
He is a person who keeps all the memories of old days and old friendships in his mind, he can remember all the names of his primary school classmates!
They always bicker over trivial matters.
We should be brave when facing difficulties.
Some analysts believe the US securities bull market has reached its peak, and the bear market is arriving. You should sell your stocks quickly.
I am afraid that you cannot come again.
He's been searching for a job for half a year, he feels so helpless.
Passengers who occupy multiple seats are the most despicable.
The book review he wrote associates the book with social issues.
The prices of electronic appliances can vary a lot. When there is a sale, they can be half off their normal prices.
Don't swear!
Which car dealer did you buy your car from?
This house is strange. The former residents usually listed it for a quick sale after living here for just a while.
Do you know all of your classmates?
His arrogant attitude is so annoying!
I'm really dogged by bad luck these days, everything is in a mess.
The pencil lead inside the eversharp pencil breaks into two parts.
Only you tell me that I'm important to you.
Study hard and do good for the society.
Chocolate is toxic to cats and dogs.
My school is close to my home. I go to school on foot.
Click here and you can go in to look for things.
If he doesn't come just let it be - ignore him!
Let's ride bicycles this Sunday, shall we?
Children's day is the favourite festival of children.
Sounds of screams and cries came from all directions.
I put a cup at your left.
You didn't answer me. What's wrong with you?
It has been said that the party member may take up the post as Secretary.
There are now gradually fewer experienced and splendid actors.
You are the cutest in my mind.
Most people will think of lotus when talking about aquatic plants.
My car is broken down. I am sending it to the garage for repair.
He is passionate about his work.
Yesterday I went hiking and was bitten by mosquitoes for over 10 times.
The sun is so bright today, remember to apply some sun cream when you go out.
I use the computer for doing my homework.
I don't care if you die, just get it done!
Passengers on the cruise ship would disembark and go sightseeing at every port.
The moon tonight is big and round.
They have met before. There's no need to introduce them to each other.
After watching the horror movie, I can still feel my heart pounding.
The day after the Mid-Autumn festival is a public holiday.
A performance with mixed voices in four parts includes: soprano, alto, tenor and bass.
Pu'erh is the most common dark tea.
Meth is a very potent stimulant which used to be prescribed to treat ADHD, but safer drugs are available now.
This is a matter of life and death, call the police now!
We sat under a tree to cool down.
Very likely my girlfriend will have a date (with me), certainly.
It is our pleasure to have Chief Executive of Hong Kong to host this opening ceremony.
I can't stand the annoying voice of that bitch.
Harry Potter is chased by Lord Voldemort when he is just a baby.
They will definitely be punished for their evil deeds.
They always listen to you. If you ask them, there would be no problem.
The company has long been insolvent so it finally goes bankrupt.
The exhibition is great and also free in charge.
Let me sing a Christmas song in such occasion.
This teacher's reputation is not bad.
Why are you all crowded here?
They decided to get married next month.
The stock market fell drastically, but now it's on rise again.
It's better to use a raincoat than an umbrella. You can have a spare hand.
We can't let our opponent/competitor grasp the opportunity in advance!
Smartphones have been around for years. They're no longer something new.
We have everything here for you to choose.
Put dirt into this puddle, clog it up.
Such explanation is way too different with the reality.
Where are you rushing to?
There is only $5000 voucher this year, much less than last year.
Tonight our group of friends is having a night out, but I'm the designated driver, so I cannot drink alcohol.
Everybody doesn't like him. You can imagine what he is like.
I wouldn't say I don't know how to write, as I have at least published in the commentary section of a newspaper.
You don't need to keep going on and on, I've got it already!
As a signal flare is shot, our magnificent army will join!
May only wants to look for a spouse providing lifelong financial support; she does not care about whether her spouse is her true love.
The discharged prisoners are discharged a bit earlier because they have behaved themselves in the jail.
Speaking loudly and fiercely does not mean you are right.
The pecking order of table tennis sports.
There is no need to hand in until tomorrow. There's no need to hurry.
I will reveal your dirty secrets to the public!
There are many catfish in the pool.
He charged me with disruption of law and order because I raised my voice for a bit, what a world.
As you have difficulty in your family, I suggest you seek help from our boss. He is a reasonable person.
Quickly clear out the garbage, otherwise it will stink by tomorrow.
Don't make yourself a joke if you know nothing.
I can swear I didn't do anything like that - stop your false accusations.
Keep your hands off! Don't touch me!
Antibiotic abuse caused bacteria to start developing drug resistance.
The river is split into many parts because of the hydraulic engineering work.
Things you did are so cruel!
The fund we raised will be used to help the disabled.
Some trains are used for carrying pigs.
Both of you will be punished in the spirit of fairness.
Please keep order in evacuation.
He had to retake his school year because he took sick leave for half a year.
The viewpoints in your essay are so avant-garde -- beware heavy criticism.
You are too weak to become a firefighter,
You can criticise me, but please don't make innuendo.
Can you help me with my living expenses this month?
When you walk up the ramp then you'll see my home.
You need to beware of people trying to swindle you for all you're worth.
Type it out if you have anything to say. I can't turn on the volume during working hours.
Let me put it this way. Even I do like it, I don't have to buy it.
Our business venture is finally getting on track.
I want to straighten out this problem with him face to face.
We just follow our boss's decision.
Beware of the cold, gram-grams.
PM me the address for dinner tonight.
Get lost! Whoever has the biggest fist determines what is right.
I didn't expect with his young age, he can have that potentiality.
Seeing as it's your first offense and you show regret, I will give you a lenient sentence.
You are grown up, learn to spoon the rice yourself, don't let your mum feed you.
Some people do not make nonsense and fake promise but are always by our sides to support us.
There are so many girls queuing up in front of the washroom.
Teenagers nowadays are ridiculous.
She isn't worth your attention. How come she is still the apple of your eye?
Grandma offers the ancestors incense sticks every morning and night.
He knew he fucked up and didn't even make a squeak.
The greater a positive integer is, the smaller its reciprocal is; the greater a negative integer is, the greater its reciprocal is.
If you still do not throw those expired food, it will become fermented and smelly.
Seeing its master coming home, the dog got so happy it threw itself on her at once.
Every time my friends come to my house, I buy lots of food like chips and ham.
He does a poor work, the translation is even harder to be understood than the source text.
Wikipedia has a Cantonese version. How amazing!
The waists of some seniors weaken and thus hurt easily.
I help not because of reward.
The industry representative thinks that the subsidy is not enough to settle the problem.
I will say this: I will surely conquer this lady!
This cup of coke tastes strange! Why is it salty?
Idling with two hands crossed? Definitely no way!
Why is it actually so? You still haven't let me know.
He won an insane amount last season, but his luck didn't carry over to this season.
It's only a short walk from here to the station.
The reason why he's in Japan is anybody's guess.
Let's put the luggage onto the car together.
HKSAR Government health warning: smoking kills.
Notre Dame is the most important woman in Christianity.
Our doorbell's broken. Where can I take it for repair?
Due to an outbreak at the official's birthday party, all attendees were sent for quarantine.
You'd better make the thing clear as soon as possible.
Is working at HR department easy and relaxing?
You could try a little self-reward whenever you finish a task, so as to motivate yourself.
With such a unflattering look, my old car should be safe from theft.
The government forecasts the economic growth for the coming year based on some statistics.
Too much subtlety will easily cause misunderstandings.
The motor company just quoted a price for fixing my car, I found it quite expensive.
Teachers should give appropriate example sentences during seen dictations of vocabulary.
If you give up now, can you still face your companion?
We're in a hurry. Please order us a set meal right away!
You must keep quiet no matter you are inside or outside the examination hall.
The taxi fare meter jumps every 200 metres.
Loud farts are odorless, while silent farts are unpleasant.
Last night, a bad dream woke me up suddenly.
The customer stated clearly that the hall should be decorated with purple.
A parent should not be biased towards any child.
Lunar eclipses must take place on or near the day of a full moon.
They provide the soy sauce, and you provide them with the chicken? You'll lose big time!
Some members withdraw from the discussion due to conflict of interest.
Butterflies here have many colours.
You need to bargain with driver when taking tuk tuk in Thailand.
She played the part of a smart lawyer in the film.
Did you invite him for the dinner tonight?
He is willing to have his life shortened by 10 years in exchange for his brother's overcoming the hardship.
I have to work overtime tonight -- let me drink a cup of coffee to wake myself up.
She is much more beautiful than before, she's really changed a lot after growing up!
I did not take biology in high schoolonly chemistry and physics.
It is common to return to study at 30.
Yes, I'm still mad at you!
He was poked by a pencil and it kept bleeding.
The best thing to do in a hot day is eating ice-cream.
The couple never quarrelled in the thirty years of marriage.
All you did was just giving those bad ideas.
I have everything that I don't think I lack anything.
He stayed in a passive position on this matter.
The economy is bad recently, times are rough, there's not much we can do but to wait for better luck.
They are both from Hong Kong, and as they speak the same language, they find it much easier to talk with each other.
Why not MTR? It's convenient and fast.
In order to have a luxurious life, he prefers making up to rich one.
There's no causality between water content and contact lenses to account for dry eyes, it really depends on one's situation.
In a concert, the front row seats are always the most sought after.
We have our own stance. Let's ask someone else to give us comments.
Don't put sundries in the passageway.
He bought a belt from a luxurious brand, and he uses it every single day.
I am surprised that you're friends with him despite his dumb look.
You uneven hair growth looks really bad.
To manage a company well, good communication between the employer and employees is needed.
She is going to sing the songs from her master on the stage tonight.
Upon hearing that there is no school because it's a holiday, children will be jubilant for sure!
You should go to see the dentist this week.
Ah Tsz decided to focus on finding another job.
How scary it was. There was a flashover when I tried to switch on the gas cooker.
On the first day of the Lunar New Year, I need to take a good nap because I will be busy in the coming days.
When I travel abroad, I'll definitely write a postcard and send it home.
The policy to attract large number of tourists not only failed to improve the economy, but it turned out to have affected people's livelihood.
A middle-aged female is dead in a car accident.
The number of applications for public housing shot up 300% from 5 years ago.
Don't smoke. It's easy to become addicted.
The clock is five minutes slow. Please set it to the correct time when you're free. Thanks!
Not afraid of ten thousand things except for potential accidents
You are in big trouble. Mr. Yung is a mean-spirited man.
Many cockroaches live under the carpet.
Every spring, a batch of students have to go through the public exam.
You get along so well with Ah Ming. Why don't you become friends, if not lovers?
During the war, many civilians were drafted to become militiamen.
It doesn't seem very good for you to hastily argue with others without knowing what's happening.
The labour and management discuss ways to solve the strike.
After the competition results were announced, the audience cheered loudly.
These shrimps should be well-cooked if you give them a quick stir in the wok.
The forward pushed throught the defenderstwisted to avoid goal keeperthen used a light inside-of-foot kick to score the goal.
In severe cases, a stomach ulcer can lead to bleeding and can even kill.
Her Japanese is about N3 level, which is intermediate level.
I will never write simplified Chinese character even when I am taking exams.
No one dares to slack off on this project as it is very important.
Upon hearing someone mention exam, A-chung seized the opportunity, and started to talk about how he aced the last exam.
They are having illegal car races on the Tuen Mun highway again.
I have heard that there were treasures in the Cheung Po Tsai Cave.
It's just some routine small talk between neighbours.
Take the pills when the time comes! Don't make me worried!
You can have the final say. I will follow your lead.
I don't work for the money, it doesn't matter if I have to cover the loss.
What are you following me for?
After the goods have left the shop, we are sorry that we cannot exchange them.
There are three straight lines in a triangle.
This newspaper has only interviewed a few citizens and concluded that most of the Hong Kong people support this policy. It is a hasty generalisation.
It was sunny this morning in Hong Kong, but haze shrouded the sky.
His title is Justice of the Peaceso impressive!
I advise you that you should mind your own business.
I am filled with rage when I think about it.
Vigorous exercise may induce heart attack.
Ouch, my back. How hurt it is!
This luxurious apartment is offered at twenty million.
The officials have turned the city into a mess, and it is us citizens that suffers.
Don't be nervous in the promotion interview today. Just be your best.
Space travel is no longer a vague thought.
You all will be responsible for the front. I'll cover the rear end.
Life has been hell since she got cancer.
Although you are a nice person, I already have someone I love.
You should not talk in such a critical tone.
They marked up the price of the camera and then gave you a discount.
Look at the bright side, be optimistic and then you will be happier.
He is a tough guy. Don't mess up with him.
Don't even think about getting off work before 8 p.m.
They are getting married in the 30th this month if nothing goes wrong.
My girldfriend loves doggies very much; she has adopted two.
The students in this class have widely different levels of proficiency in English.
My car's cambelt has been broken.
That place is really bad.
Paying $3000 for this bag is just a daylight robbery.
How can a person resist bullets with his body?
He lives in Cheung Chau and he's never late to school, but on the contrary you live so close to the school and you are late.
He used to be a national soccer player of Italy.
Let me meet up with my friend first. I will see you in the restaurant later!
The body wash is almost all used up. Remember to go buy some.
I said I didn't want any snacks, but at last he still shoved a packet of chocolate biscuits to me.
You cannot clean pig lungs by just washing the surface, you have to flood water inside to squeeze out the blood.
They hooked up and had sex the first time they met.
Today, we have invited many guests to the show; let me introduce each of them to you.
People are very jealous of his success.
Table tennis is actually a rather popular sport. Most foreigners play the game.
Not until the reporter had asked her in depth again and again, was she willing to reveal the truth clearly.
The website design is all set, you can start coding now.
I accidentally bought a fake designer handbag.
I want to have 5 working days per week only.
This mobile phone has a dainty design and is easy to carry around.
Did you ski when you went to Korea?
He's so biased, that anything you do won't affect him in the least.
Everyone is equal under the law.
No matter whether you're a beginner or an experienced swimmer, you have to do some warm-up exercises before going into the water.
They have been bitter against each other and every meeting of theirs inevitably deforms into a heated argument. How could they possibly work together?
This person claims that he masters 17 languages.
To prevent getting ill, we should always clean our home.
It is reported that the sound of fighting was heard from the scene of the murder.
He got sick and can't come to dinner tonight.
It takes five minutes to walk from here to the railway station.
Excuse me, I'd like to have breakfast set C with Demae Ramen for the instant noodles.
The plants in the garden are flourishing.
I will return the money at the end of the month for sure. You have my word.
These accessories are made from fake jewelry. How can they be brought into such an important occasion?
I gave you ten dollars to help me buy a newspaper that's worth six dollars but you just returned three dollars change. And you dare say you didn't cheat money from me!
This place is freezing in the winter; I feel cold even with a down jacket on.
Protests where all you do is walk around, kind of make you never want to protest again.
Unemployment and economic hardship would lead to social unrest.
She might have met the worst possible thing.
The volume of the luggage is 0.1 cubic meters and it exceeds the limit.
This programme will introduce 5 movies with North Korean elements.
Mum joined a package tour to Taiwan last month. The entire trip was about eating. Mum enjoyed it a lot.
Beef and chopped Chinese scallion, do you wanna have some udon?
You better leave after finishing your meal, what do you get to sit here all day?
She lies on the bed being stark naked.
He really takes after his mother!
This shoeshine boy isn't qualified. He gets a high salary because the boss takes care of him.
Today is the play day. I'm super excited!
Now you guys see how ignorant and incompetent he is.
Country bumpkins are unlearned.
You may say the husband of your parent's cousin is your relative, but not really a close one.
He isn't quitting. He's just making a fuss to get a pay raise.
The biggest shopping mall in Kowloon Bay is Telford Plaza.
The Hong Kong coins in circulation are 10, 20, 50, $1, $2, $5 & $10.
Lowlying places are seriously flooded.
The moment that I first took the first place at primary school is still fresh in my memory.
I don't want cash. Write me a cheque.
No need to pick a time. Let's go to karaoke tonight.
I can watch Japanese TV channels with the TV set-top box.
I am moving to Tseung Kwan O next week. Would you like to join my housewarming dinner?
I am more powerful than him even I am a girl.
Some of the lines in this film are very amusing.
The government's revenue has gradually decreased over time, so she proposed collecting a sales tax.
I carelessly broke the vase.
Is it possible to make a reservation for Sushiro HK? Otherwise, we would have to wait for a long time to find a seat.
You didn't save me even when you saw that I was going to die, you're so heartless!
There was one chocolate cookie left in the office, and we wanted to decide who was to eat it by a game of rock, papers and scissors, but it was already eaten by someone else beforehand.
My younger brother is a Hikikomori. I am so worried about him.
You lend money to him, the most important have promissory note./The most important thing for you to lend money to him is to get back a promissory note.
Do you believe his deduction is correct?
He finished the entire bottle of soft drink by himself.
He comes three times a week.
Don't force yourself to do something you don't like.
The priest hopes that he can enlighten the ignorant teenagers with love.
Parents should accompany and guide their children.
Please do not haggle the price anymore. It'll be hard for me to turn a profit.
Ten years of love has finally come to fruition.
Good goods with reasonable price here! Come and take a look!
This is the dear price pay for a hotel meal.
She looked happy ordinarily. There's no sign of suicide at all.
He stepped on the management's tail a year ago, now they are settling the score by booting him abroad as a thankless pioneer.
Thinking of you treating me so well in the past, I forgive you this time.
This year the hotel has additionally arranged a choir to sing hymns before Christmas.
It's not so built up here and the air is fresh. It's a great destination for family vacation.
There is so much gossip going around in this election. How could you know whether people are making a mountain out of a molehill?
Do you think he's up to this job?
I'm stressed, let me smoke.
I recommend breaking up for all problems involving romantic relationships.
Draft a proposal to me.
After her operation, it's like she was born again.
The flat rents nowadays are so expensive, frequently over $20,000.
This project will benefit many people in need of help.
This coffee is really refreshing.
I was distracted just now and I didn't listen to what he said.
Originally I could do everything by myself, but now I have evolved to have dozens of colleagues doing different things.
The two of them are so intimate with each other, it doesn't feel right for me to be the third wheel.
Is it really necessary to say all things clear? Can't you understand such a simple thing?
The road ahead is bumpy. Sit tight!
He will forget it soon afterwards.
He said it is so, anyway I really don't know.
This place hasn't rained for a long time, the flowers are all wilted.
It's too brightly, put up an umbrella to block the sunlight.
I take you as a brother but you take me as a bastard.
Recently, there is a rising trend in the registration rate of voters.
If you make somebody a scapegoat for you, then you can get out of the trouble.
Don't you know we're not that close? Why would I be so buddy-buddy with you?
The policeman disguised himself as a customer to investigate the case.
If you can't beat them, be humble and learn from them.
The food of this place is nice but I suspect that it doesn't have many customers judging by its remoteness.
We are constantly improving the quality of our products.
All the furniture is ready here, you can move in any time.
This town has been developed nicely in recent years.
You guys are down by two points. Rouse yourselves and catch up in the second half.
What you've said is really terrifying.
That man is really shameless! He fondled my thighs a few times!
Adding a shoe pad will make it more comfortable.
Why the fuck did you go to an evil-bone parlour if you just wanted to relax?
This horse racing guide gives poor betting tips!
Let the square be divided into two parts.
I don't know him very well; you're asking the wrong person.
What goes around comes around.
This washing machine can tumble dry too.
This group project is finished by him single-handedly.
My wife has given birth to our twin boys. Our family are very much overjoyed!
You can feel your pulse by holding your wrist.
Doing this is not worth such a sum of money.
This is a taxi drop-off point. You can't get a taxi here.
[ChatGPT]The money can wait, just pay me back when you have some extra cash.
It smells so good! What are you cooking?
Legend has it that Bao Zheng judged affairs in the realm of the living by day and in the underworld by night.
I looked around everywhere but I still couldn't find him.
Soviet spies were adept at sexpionage.
That statement of yours has hurt his self-esteem.
Boss says that's too expensive. You should ask around and get more quotes.
The pipe is a bit clogged. You should get a plumber to fix it.
When some girls pout, people come to offer help immediately.
You're not a kid anymore, and I don't think I need to explain everything to you. Need I swear to get you out of here blushing?
I know you're awfully irritated, but you shouldn't vent your anger on him!
These pirates do not keep any survivor when they kill.
To clear the liver will remedy the depression, to comfort the breathing will ease the mind
Lowering the unemployment rate is the government's most urgent task at present.
Get in your positions everyone. Let's start from the robbery scene.
Have you followed the Hong Kong Siu Mai Concern Group yet?
This camera is worthless, don't buy it.
Every time I go on stage for a speech, I need to prepare cue cards.
The ball was right in front of the goal and you still sent it over the crossbar! Do you even know how to play football?
You are always so careless and inattentive. How will you achieve something great in the future?
Some people think the design of new manhole covers is ugly.
Victims of sexual offences receive anonymity.
These two nations have similar strength, and are treated equally in the international community.
Don't let children reach dangerous items easily.
The chances of him getting into the finals is very small.
It's illegal to burn the national flag in Hong Kong.
When the ambulance came, he had already lost his breath.
Where can I buy this watch?
Why is some foreign matter in my food?
How many public holidays longer than one day are there next year?
Dogs bury bones in the ground to enjoy them later.
That celebrity went down from the stage for his performance to get close to the audience.
Spring has come and all the garden is full of life.
A: "What can we do if we fail?" B: "Stop it! I won't fail, will I?"
Milk and lemon juice should not be mixed together for drinking.
She and I are close friends for many years.
"So you also agree with me?" "Well not really."
We have business tonight, so everyone be careful.
The deaf can't hear the sound of boiling water.
Everyone please remember what we've learnt in class today.
I reject his invitation resolutely.
To learn a spoken language, we must speak more, listen more and should not be afraid of making mistakes.
Most women stop having their periods between the ages of 40 to 50.
On the wedding banquet today, the bride is apparently seen to be pregnant.
This around forty-year-old LegCo member-elect visited the district and thanked people for voting him.
Why are you not attentive at all for the whole day?
Male lions look different from female lions.
Every girl loves flowers.
We have been married for eight years and have three children.
It's really tough doing live stream here, as I have to suppress myself not to swear.
I like the texture of durian very much.
This film has been well received by Hongkongers.
Doing this will just bring himself bad lucks.
How could you have good days in this situation?
If someone hurts me by remark, I will definitely take revenge.
There's a bunch of worms that is ready to start wriggling. It's so disgusting.
And for tonight's top prize... an expensive luxury car!
The company is willing to pay an exorbitant price for their performance in this soap opera.
What am I supposed to do in the coming days?
A recommendation report suggests how to improve the working environment in the company.
Hey, don't distance yourself from us, come to talk together.
You are now just over thirty, it's time for you to find a woman to marry.
Wenhui Daily has an explicitly pro-Beijing stance.
The design of Lingnan gardens embodies Han people's gardening style from the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period and the history of Lingnan.
He is so confident that he takes all others' comments easily.
You can pour the nail polish remover onto a cotton bud for cleaning smaller flaws.
Many people do not know that both of them are elder brother and younger sister.
I've been starving the whole day for pigging out at tonight's buffet.
What's the punishment for quitting midway in this game?
We should try our best to develop and promote our findings established from many days of research.
We can't find a way out in the maze.
At Christmas, both streets and lanes are lively.
Siuming has been missing for a week, his family is hoping that he can come back safe and sound
A: "Why do you buy so many medicines?" B: "They are just for unexpected needs."
Name of died ancestor and date of burning need to be written on the fu zin bag.
Human could eat every creature whose back is facing the sky.
She is our new daughter-in-law.
Some new immigrants ignore the lifestyle of Hong Kong, and simply maintain theirs instead.
I'll tell you the answer later.
He's not happy with the fact that his eyes are too small, so he edits photos to make himself look better every time.
She is fully concentrating on doing the proposal.
He always pretends to be mute when being scolded.
Humanity can learn from its mistakes.
If someone find my missing dog, I will give great reward.
I have to complete all the formalities within this week.
Go wash away the oil on your face.
Society nowadays has become so corrupt because too few people care to selflessly do good deeds.
This machine can be used to play DVDs.
You will scare the kids if you speak with a gruff voice.
He doesn't want to listen to my advice, I can't do anything for him.
Doctor, the patient has waited for a long time!
Why are you drinking by yourself? Just give me a call.
My uncle went bankrupt in '97 and has been homeless ever since, eking out a living by collecting cardboard.
I have to go home now, phone you tomorrow.
The underlying meaning of his words is that you be careful.
Hong Kong is renowned for its night view.
I was a prefect back in my primary school, I was on duty during recesses and didn't have time for snacks.
The militants are holding the prime minister hostage.
After the operation, there will be stabbing pain in the wound.
I had no idea who would be here beforehand.
I realised today that Mom looks much older.
The fireman rescued a child from the fire.
For buying flats, location comes first, location second, and location third.
How do scientists detect the shaking of the Earth's crust?
Pest infestations might lead to world food crisis.
Let me deal with this embarrassing situation.
I am grabbing his throat and he can barely breath.
All you know is just to unreasonably make trouble!
So you don't just mess with me, but also with my friends and family? That's the limit! Don't think I'm a pushover!
The target customers of this hotel are foreigners.
Despite his handsome outlooks, he's actually a crook!
Are your eyes feeling uncomfortable? Why do you keep blinking?
The TV channel is broadcasting their anniversary show tonight.
He kept pulling his sister's hair and made her cry.
I need to poo, an urgent one. Can you look after the stuff for me?
By the way, when did you immigrate?
It's time to give him a lesson and deflate his ego.
What takes you so long? Don't try to play for time.
Things aren't always in your favour.
This area is divided into 10 regions.
I have a lot to do recently, I'm really tied up.
The heroic acts of this police officer is praiseworthy.
He is so afraid of death that it is impossible for him to take a roller coaster ride.
You will get benefit by subtracting revenue by cost.
The woman who lives upstairs is actually working as a prostitute.
Don't even think you can run from this. You are going to die with me!
The police has already established a special group to investigate this case.
I buried the body in the slope over there, that's all I know, I swear.
People are swarming to get the new iPhone.
Listen to what other people say. Don't be so stubborn.
[ChatGPT]This restaurant has a gimmick, and the food is really good.
It would be great if there were no trouble in our life.
Traffic jam will take place on this road once it rains.
This hotel is decorated luxuriously .
He has taught for forty years already.
He did not sleep much last night, so he is not being himself today.
The government encourages every citizen of Hong Kong to fight SARS cooperatively.
Japan has a huge amount of stunning temples in Kyoto.
This handbag cost a fortune! Paying for it gave me major heartache.
His company's "pots and bowls are all full" - they made a lot of money this year.
The universe and I came into being together; and I, and everything therein, are One.
We have successfully occupied our enemy's base.
We have to retain moisture everyday, so that we wont grow old so quickly.
After his failure in business, he has concealed his identity for many years.
You've made our relationship very tense.
Your clothes crinkle up like preserved cabbage, you'd better iron it.
The night view of Hong Kong is really attractive!
The two companies increases the prices insanely, being greedy to earn every cent.
This country has a high average income per capita.
If you can give me a reasonable reason, I will believe you.
She quit her job after giving birth to her child to completely devote herself to becoming a housewife.
My mother hasn't been able to contact her family ever since they were separated during the war.
Will you plan your trip before you go?
The mouse was carried away by the cat in the mouth.
Who are you staying with?
Let me cut the tree branches.
I sold the vase at a cheap price and then someone told me that it is an antique. I regret it so much!
This food critic specializes on critiquing Chinese food.
The audience was fascinated by his superb performance.
He keeps tumbling for just saying a few words, I won't expect he is smart in doing the job.
He had a miserable childhood.
There is an iron wire on the top of the mask.
This 500-dollar note is for emergencies.
To men, the sense of self-respect is far more important than one's life.
Selfie filter apps are so popular, our privacy is in danger.
I need to use the washroom now! Come out as soon as possible and let me use it!
Dont drink those sugary drinks, which easily make us gain weight.
Old Age Allowance this month is doubled.
During the Industrial Revolution there were moth species that would change their colors in a few generationsevolving to adapt to their new environment.
Would you mind putting your cigarette out, please?
Hoi Ting can smoke two cigarettes at the same time.
There is a model of human body in the laboratory.
What grade did you get for English?
Oxen were used to till field in ancient China.
We are in the list of alternates, so we may not be able to participate in the competition.
Pi is approximately 3.14.
The slow progress in the construction work has resulted in a 20 percent increase in the budget.
We are prepared to charge him for dangerous driving causing deaths of other people.
The pandemic is expected to peak in March, and will get better only after that.
In this ever-changing generation, no one can catch out.
This month I spent a total of three thousand dollars dining and travelling.
Thighs would ache the next morning after running.
To marry him I would have to disown my parents, this, I have put through a lot of consideration.
What he provides is mostly genuine information. That's trustworthy!
The term of office of the Chief Executive comes to an end next year.
My wife is a big spender. She is spending every cent I've earned.
My shortsightedness has got worse in recent years. I will need to get a new pair of glasses.
Don't look down on me! You wait and see, I'll definitely become rich.
This matter has nothing to do with me but you keep blaming me. Then I have nothing to say.
Why not just start a small company for such small business and work from home alone?
At last we're home!
The nerd A-chung's room is full of Moe anime girl figures.
Comments of customers are positive.
Members of the committee are now having a closed session.
Leave only footprints but not trace in the nature.
The boss is scary when he gets angry.
Hong Kong is being transformed into a knowledge-based economy.
It's nearly seven. I'd better hurry up and get into a cha chaan teng to eat.
His wife passed away three years ago due to a difficult labour.
The content of this textbook would be a little bit too difficult for you right now.
He has practised in a hospital for a month.
If this project of yours is considered satisfactory, a promotion would be seriously considered by the board.
Yesterday while playing soccer, I injured myself and today a scab has formed on the wound
The Chinese market is open to investors around the world.
In the library, everyone turns their volume down.
I know there's a problem, but I don't know what to do about it.
A deafening thunder roared from the sky.
He was feeling unwell in the middle of the night, so he went to a hospital's emergency department.
These melon seeds taste really good. Where did you get them?
Did the boss ask you to pass on his message to me?
Usually in Korean restaurants, some appetizers and side dishes can be refilled for free before starting the meal, and they taste good.
There are two queues here. This queue is for Hongkongers, and foreigners go to the one over there.
You can't tell where your location is? Then tell me the number on one of the lampposts nearby.
There was a gang fight last night in Mong Kok. Bullets were flying everywhere.
The man sitting next to me sports a heavy moustache, looking utterly fierce.
Milk tea hurts your stomach. Don't drink it if you have a stomachache!
Maybe you can come again tomorrow.
The city of Pompeii is a famous monument covered by volcano ash.
Why did you go around with those shady characters?
I am going to finish the game in three stages.
Listening to a single speech of yours is better than reading books for ten years.
This is a winding path. It's easy to get lost on it.
This university has produced a number of well-known mathematicians in the past few years.
Did you go to the countdown on the Christmas Eve?
Better rinse your ass and get ready for jail!
Teenagers nowadays don't exercise, only a few steps can make them short of breath.
Why half of the cake is cream?
Hey, you've brought a new cellphone.
You have the look of someone whose thoughts are piling up in your head. It seems like there is a lot worrying you.
It's hard not to put on a false front when trying to integrate into a social circle.
Let me take a close-up for the dog.
Please don't ignore me. I can apologise if you want.
He thinks he's going to be promoted anytime, so he bought an expensive flat.
The actors and actresses are well-matched.
The government of Singapore held a state funeral for the former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew.
Despite a long departure before, we remain close.
Sham Shui Po is the gourmet heaven for the poor. There are a lot of grassroots teahouses, food stalls and greasy spoons.
I always leave my teacup unwashed that now there are tea stains on it.
This restaurant has a unique atmosphere and attracts a lot of customers.
It's wise to ignore him.
He listens to the radio gossip program intently.
Don't damage the library's books.
Quite a lot of my friends are keen to discuss how good nursing is, as if they were preaching.
Tour guides are quite harsh nowadays. They force tourists to make purchases.
You can just call him to ask whether what I said is true.
"The black society" is one of the common names of the triad society.
On his birthday he cross-dressed like a lady. He was somehow attractive actually.
Facilities provided by this centre include tennis, golf, bowling, etc.
I've completely recovered. My condition is so good that I could take on several tigers and come out on top.
I hope that this story can be passed on from generation to generation.
to tap SOS signals on the vessel's hull
This article on Hong Kong's education system is really true to life.
Is your hair naturally curly or did you have a perm?
You think he'll hire you if you act like a pro? Save it!
This is a 60 watt light bulb.
Be straightforward, don't waste my time.
The old gentleman shares his sorrowful past during the wartime with a group of children.
Just a moment. Once we've got another shot, we'll be done for today.
People should be enterprising so that we can keep making progress.
He works as a construction handyman, responsible for clearing construction waste.
tropical cyclone track probability forecast
His grandfather migrated to the U.K. and washed dishes to earn a living for his family.
The war scenes depicted in this movie are really true to life.
The team captain cannot play tomorrow's match. We're counting on you.
Up till now, the potential of artificial intelligence is beyond our imagination.
There are two different spellings for this English word.
What aims do you have when starting your book club?
He always takes advantage of me. Every time when we dine out, he says he forgot to bring his wallet out and asks me to pay first, but he never paid me back afterwards.
Your son is sleeping soundly. Don't wake him up.
His phone is always on silent mode and therefore he is always unreachable.
Local product is a must-buy when you travel to other places.
Doctors can only help those with perseverance.
You are too naive, many of the so-called authentic massages actually provide sex service.
Come on, can we start the game already?
I don't want to go to the USA but I must. I don't want to break up with you but I have to.
Many people love to buy crystal figures for ornaments at home.
Hang on! The hospital is almost there.
There are only nine hundred and something poems written by Li Bai that have been handed down until today.
How come you still trust him so much? He's making a fool of you, moron!
Yau and Leung decided to appeal to the Court of Final Appeal.
Planting more trees by the roadside can provide a 'green' barrier.
This gift is finely packaged. I really don't want to unwrap it!
That guy tried to get me to buy his insurance products. I pretended I didn't see him.
The selling price of this good is 50 dollars.
Sigh, I completely whiffed!
She treated us with ginger vinegar after she gave birth to a son.
Very few police officers patrol this street at night.
Since no one is willing to do the task, then let me volunteer for it.
Those old pricks are always talking. They're so annoying.
The major business of company A is issuing credit.
Do you believe that aliens exist?
Your grandfather is already eighty, don't make him crazy.
The road is uneven, everyone holds on.
Let's exchange gifts on Christmas.
Don't be so impulsive. Buying house is a big thing so you need to think it thoroughly.
I am not afraid. At most I get fired. I won't die.
Let's meet at the MTR station.
The two brothers are of nearly the same height.
I was pondering, what's the meaning of life?
He has a complete collection of Leslie Cheung's albums.
Although she's retired and doesn't have to go to work, she gets up at seven as before.
With a map, we will not get lost even if we go to a place we have never been to.
If you join, then I join.
He's the lead singer in this band, of course he can sing well.
Our TV channel strives to be the first to deliver the most up-to-date news to you. Please stay with us.
Cabinet resignation after congressional re-elections is a constitutional convention.
I picked up a phone on the taxi. How should I contact the owner?
The application procedures are very complicated. You'd better prepare for it early!
Can you do me a favour and translate something for me?
I lift dumbbells every day to lose weight.
Don't go to East Tsim Sha Tsui at night that muchthe people might not be very nice.
We are destined to fall for a scum or two.
Don't hesitate and make a decision now!
It's very unusual for so many fish crowd at a single place.
That party regained power after eight years in opposition.
We can use this incident as an entry point to analyzing the impact of cyberbullying.
They are holding hands every day, what a good relationship!
Since the car has been renewed, it can be sold at a better price.
My dream girl rejected my advances again, and refused to go on a date with me.
I got locked in a room!
I really wanted to do well on the exam, but it turns out I couldn't.
He said he hadn't stolen your wallet. But now we have solid evidence, so he can't fool anyone anymore.
She joined the auxiliary police force to serve the community.
As there are many children, please stop the dirty talk.
Words are inscribed on the bronze statue in the temple.
I don't mind how much electricity he uses as long as he's willing to pay for it.
Never expect I can meet my old lover after emigrating overseas.
Doing it this way will cause serious problems! You'll get nothing but great troubles!
His talents got a lot of appreciation from the others.
His mother had been emotionally blackmailing him for so many years, so he wanted to move out and live on his own.
The patient suffered trauma during her childhood. It affected the development of her personality.
When the moon is at its brightest and roundest, if you say your wishes to it, they will definitely come true.
It's very likely that you will be admitted into this university.
Pizza boxes are usually square in shape.
This is a tailor made dress for the queen. That's the only one.
Her husband has just passed away. I fear that she is unable to accept it and will commit suicide.
Their only daughter is the jewel of the family indeed.
I will buy the newspaper for you, anyway I'm free.
Don't just stand there, come and help me out.
Just tell me who you are falling in love with. Trust me, I will close my mouth.
The teacher has stuck a star-shaped sticker on my worksheet!
The two brothers broke up with each other because of their fighting for power.
He had been punished by disciplinary action before. That would cast a negative effect to his appraisal.
We went to Ocean Park's Halloween Haunted Mansion two days ago. A fake zombie scared A-chung so much that he wet himself.
The desserts made by this chef are excellent.
Mom spoke for Ming today.
CBBCs are one of the investment products best received by Hong Kong people.
The vultures are flying in circles over the water buffalo's carcass.
You can get there by taking either the train or the bus.
My elbows are chapped because of the dry weather in winter.
You're greatly talented, which makes you well-deserving of the title of strategist.
The Japanese occupation of Hong Kong lasted for 3 months and 8 months.
It is hard to remember the names of months in foreign languages.
My octopus card has no more value. Remind me to top up later!
You seldom sleep at night, your face is going to resemble the surface of the moon.
You still have not promoted after years.
Today, many new singer groups are present at the opening ceremony.
Both IELTS and TOEFL are highly recognised around the globe.
They are just scaring you. Don't pay them.
He thought he could be a main character when first entering his career. However, no one expected that he would have been taking minor roles only for 10 years.
He is fat since eating is the love of his life.
He has a thorough understanding of his profession, so anything that arises causes him no difficulty.
The library is open to the public this Saturday.
IKEA 90% off promotion attracts a lot of people and a long queue is formed.
It is quite far to go to Shatin from here.
The children nowadays really need some discipline from the rattan stick.
A housewife should be able to calculate carefully and budget strictly.
Let's find one more player to start the mahjong game.
I memorised 300 poetry of the Tang Dynasty!
In the previous meeting there were three attendants.
There is a lotus on the flag of Macau.
Did the deal we talked about last time go through?
Your glasses are so unclear, how can you see things clearly?
Go cut your hair, your hair looks like a frickin brush!//
Flower buttons on Choengsam are in various designs and patterns.
The interior design has added a retro feel to the house.
A: "So you haven't done rapid antigen test yet?" B: "No, I forgot it."
I want to play Chinese chess but the 'Chariot' is missing!
This paragraph is an extract from the bible.
It's hard to find an honest government official nowadays.
My mum likes adding Yuk Bing Siu to dishes.
The girl is sitting on her father's shoulders to watch the fireworks.
In life, you don't make many friends you can confide in.
He had come back to the office, but soon went out then.
The community is continuously improving. You will fall behind if you don't work hard.
Warned for two matches in a row, he will be suspended for the last match of the group stages.
Hong Kong is always the best in our minds.
This 7-11 is the easiest to get to.
The chick's so hot. Banging her once more wouldn't satisfy me.
The main reason they broke up is due to the lack of communication.
Glutinous rice in lotus leaf is lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice with chicken, in a smaller size.
This mobile phone is specially designed for young people who have good taste.
Siu-mei is an optimistic and cheerful person, so she is popular among her peers.
Come on, you are a grown-up. Don't fight with the kids.
The government has temporarily retracted the bill.
This is only one aspect of the problem.
After the accident happened, what the government did instantly was not to rescue but to block the flow of news.
The government has implemented a series of measurements to help families with low income.
Now, let me check if the book I want is here.
That heartless boss keeps exploiting his employees; I hope to see the day when he finally reaps what he has sown.
Such conditions may last for a long time.
It is puzzling how this heavy industry corp. started to dabble in the entertainment industry this year.
You are stating such a high selling price. No wonder no one would like to buy things here.
He is pure as the sheep.
Those days when we bought fish in the market, they were tied with short-leaved Malacea Galingale.
He cannot be resigned to his failure to be admitted to the big company with three years' effort.
Be careful of him, he's got groping hands.
He has just started learning to use the toilet, so we have switched to pull-up.
I want to race you, see who runs faster.
He was caught cheating during shuffle in a mahjong parlour and got beaten up really hard.
Stop standing here day-dreaming deeply and finish your work.
I've been waiting her for the whole night. She never showed up.
No matter what, he is still your little brother. Look after him.
He said the bird was so pitiful of being caged, and then he set it free.
It is all your fault to talk to the extreme, now we both parties has nothing more to be said.
I rummaged through the drawer but still couldn't find the key.
You even rush red lights? Are you out of your mind?
I will buy only when house prices fall another 10 percent.
He is already in his twenties, and his mannerism resembles a toddler.
Candidates have a couple of minutes to organise the content of their speech.
Yue Fei is patriotic and loyal to his friends. It's a pity that he was framed by Qin Hui and died unjustly.
It seems that he was not quite satisfied.
You should have medical checkups regularly.
What evidence do you have to prove yourself innocent?
There are only a huge bed and a nightstand in his room.
It's embarrassing to quote the wrong sayings. You shouldn't try to show off when you aren't sure about your quotes.
The two of the brothers are always fighting. The older one visited his mother in the retirement home merely once a year, and self righteously, took it upon himself to call his brother an ingrate.
The thief put a knife to my neck.
There are still some pulps in the bowl. Let finish them after sieving out the juice.
Ka-ming is really strong. He can carry 4 bags of rice by himself.
Do you have no spine? Why are you always leaning against the door?
Words.hk is a dictionary that allows Cantonese speakers to learn foreign languages and foreigners to learn Cantonese.
If you are naughty again I won't give you any sweets!
Fund managers are bloodsucking leeches. My MPF yields less than enough to cover their administration fees!
The prelude lasts two minutes, it's quite long.
There are a lot of freshers' programs at the uni every year.
If he knows it then it will be awful.
The earliest compass was invented by Chinese.
Everybody has an academic degree nowadays. A certificate is nothing more than an admission ticket for employment opportunities.
Young people nowadays cannot endure any hardship, starting to complain after working in the real world for only a month.
She has a wide and round face doesn't means she is fat, in fact she has a slim and firm body.
He is the tallest of his family.
She likes collecting coins from different countries.
The water in the pond is muddy.
It's the shift-change period, all taxis are either hired or have stopped service.
External world is a problem of philosophy which is very worth of study.
Don't hold a wedding banquet. Why don't we just have a meal together?
Don't look down on the man selling fish balls. He does make lots of money from the store!
I had calculated for this project, should be okay to fix it in around a hundred thousand dollars.
People with trouble in their romantic relationship often get trapped in figuring out the reason of the death of the relationship.
I want to live the rest of my life with my lover most.
Many foods are available from the night market.
it's definitely not ok to find a stupid man to work for you!
My mum goes vegetarian on the first and fifteenth days of each lunar month.
How much is a catty of choy sum, boss?
The clairvoyant of that temple is so powerful as if he was a living deity.
In order to become more beautiful, she visits the beauty salon weekly for beauty treatment.
The sovereignty of Hong Kong was transferred from the United Kingdom to China in 1997.
Nothing can tear me and my wife apart. Why would we divorce because of a small sum of money?
Hey, can you bring me that thing next time?
You are an insider of this event; I do not believe that you have no ideas about what is happening.
You should rest when you're so sick that you're gasping for air. Why do you still insist on going to work?
My score is the same as yours.
The quite and peaceful atmosphere in the temple is spoiled by the visitors.
In the end, they broke up.
He always licks the boss' boots. Of course he's seeking a promotion.
His hair is so thin, he's about to go bald.
The number of obese people in USA is exceptionally high.
This exhibition space is quite open and wide.
Greeting people is an act of politeness.
Our son often comes home late. You are his father, you should discipline him.
This is not only a breakthrough for the Hong Kong team, but also the first time in Hong Kong's history that more than one medal has been won at the same Games, which is really something to celebrate.
She sweet-talked her father into giving her a new mobile.
The nurses have been calling sick much more frequently lately, with more than 10 of them claiming to have suffered from gastroenteritis... Do we really have that bad food hygiene in Hong Kong?
Mr. Siu is such a master in wrongly predicting things that he has never been right in last 10 years.
At this job he needs to stay up late all the time.
Don't be afraid, we all bros will stand by you.
There isn't anything new going on. It's just a daily routine, going to work and waiting to get off from work.
She had a fight with her boyfriend and started to put on airs once she sees him.
When they heard the good news, they coincidentally both started singing the national anthem.
His archery is so accurate that no one can match him.
Where the hell did he learn to drive? He changed lanes without signalling!
I want to hire an assistant to help with word processing.
Information technology keeps changing over time. We can spread a message over the world very quickly.
There were some problems on our way here, so we arrived two days late.
We can't just await our doom! Let's come up with something.
As soon as he starts talking in the lecture, I doze off.
He is now a recognised fund manager.
I didn't realise it was Sunday; I came/went hustling back to school for nothing.
If you take the metro for one more station then you will have to pay more.
I need to work tonight, so I won't be home for dinner.
Mongolian yurts these days are technologically advanced. Apart from having electricity and water supply, some even have solar panels.
If you notice any unauthorised buildings, you can also report it to the Land Department.
How much money the cup costs doesn't matter; whether you like it does.
She likes documentary photography and captures reality through the lens.
I bought a new DVD.
The housewives next door are gossiping again, so annoying.
Keeping the letters and photos only makes me angrier!
He hopes that close contacts would cooperate with the government's epidemic prevention work.
Steamed bean curd rolls is often a dim sum under the "small" price rank.
Why are you so disappointing? Learn from others and show some guts!
Make a will first. So after you pass away, we would know your intention about the funeral arrangement.
He is a suitable person to be the monitor because of his responsible character.
What? How on earth is a secondary school kid participating in professional tournaments?
Although I don't know when I will get married, I will definitely invite you to the wedding party when the time comes!
I can handle the meeting tomorrow, as I've got well prepared already. Keep calm.
He wants to prop up the company's financials before listing on the exchange.
He goes to church every week.
Many friends sent us flower baskets to celebrate the opening of our new shop.
I want to go, but I'll have to work that day.
When I was young, I thought I could engage in high-risk behaviour without suffering the consequences, so I drove my father's car and ended up breaking my leg.
This is so cruel and inhumane!
Your close friend treats you so well. How can you covet his wife?
No way, Siu-ming does stand-up? I bet he just makes a big fool of himself!
People are choosing to immigrate to Malaysia because of the low cost of goods and where housing prices are an eighth of those in Hong Kong.
I greeted her this morning but she ignored me.
It's been half a year but he still isn't over his ex.
A-chung has flu, but he goes around without a mask. He is spreading germs.
Do you want to learn Cantonese?
I am not used to the climate here, so I need to take a rest.
Who was the guy joining our conversation?
The government estimates that there will be 100,000 visitors during the New Year holiday.
How your children behave lies in communication and care. / Your children's future hangs on parental care.
It's been said that eating too many eggs is not good for health.
What? As much as $30000?
The first phase of the new rail line has been completed.
You will just stay for one night in your trip, so just pack light.
Don't be so timid, keep calm and go talk with others.
The fate of our nation depends on you.
He is very blunt and thus has no friend in the company.
The time of the meeting is fixed for next Monday.
The owner wanted to repossess his flat and live there.
It is illegal to claim oneself as a triad society member.
He had been surviving on the deserted island for 10 years before someone saved him.
Legend has it that there was a monster in Loch Ness.
This centre offers training courses on tennis, badminton, table-tennis and so on.
I'll bear the responsible for you and the baby!
There is a quiz on mathematics in the afternoon.
To finish this difficult challenge, he must need outstanding willpower.
They hadn't seen each other until they knew more about each other after shooting the film/drama. So it doesn't mean that they had feelings in the scenes already.
I am a part of Hong Kong, I wish to do something for this place.
He has two bowls of rice per meal and is still a bag of bones, I wonder if there is any parasites in his stomach.
This swimming pool's springboard is very high.
I have abandoned this set of jigsaw puzzle for nearly a year and it is still not finished yet.
These pills are effective against cold.
This isn't the States, you don't really have to pay tips.
It's not an easy mission to assassinate the president.
I randomly put the watch somewhere and didn't notice where it was.
I have no idea what makes your words that funny.
He said that so long as he is alive, he would not forgive his father.
The plural form for "man" is "men". You don't add an s to it.
These are the seeds of sunflower.
Don't idolize this drama too highly, it is practically unknown outside of Asian market.
Add a tiny bit of salt to the soup.
How could there be such ridiculous matter in the world?
The first step in drawing the Doraemon is drawing the circle and a dot.
We should not tolerate violence which harms public interests and poses threats to citizen's life.
I advise you not to be so impulsive.
"Words.hk" is a large-scale Cantonese dictionary project.
This TV station owes the license fee and its staff salaries. Go fucking bankrupt!
That place is haunted! Don't go in!
She is such a pure-hearted and genuine girl.
For one person to deal with so much pressure, he's really got his work cut out for him.
He is such a funny guy. When you're with him, you won't be bored.
I have to repay the debt in full within a month.
He bent down and was about to pick up a bar of soap that dropped on shower floor.
Love cannot be forced into existence.
The movie has provided the audience with a feeling of intense vicariousness.
The advantage of this system is its flexibility.
This player performs so well that he can break away from four guards' defense alone.
Civil servants should be responsible to the people.
As the saying goes, the best things are always hidden. I don't think I will die single.
Follow the arrow signs and you will reach the destination.
He has gone to Macau to live out a life of decadence again.
Brigadier Lawson was killed in action in defense of Hong Kong.
Having done so much evil, he must show the cloven hoof one day.
Don't always lose your passion soon. After playing a certain instrument you just run out of love, wasting money but learning nothing. Look for an instrument you fancy to play in your whole life.
In order to enter university, he studies hard every day.
His last concert was a full house.
A half day off every day? What kind of comfy job is that?
This pig eats a lot and grows fast.
He must have known the secret.
Have you finished it? You have done it for years. It's time for us to go out.
He always submits his papers to this newspaper for publication.
Do we have steamed peach buns at grandpa's decadeversary?
You've got your wallet with you, right?
He always complains about his travel partner after a trip. I told him to travel alone next time.
I want to know how the approximate rundown tomorrow is.
Can you just shut up when the atmosphere is so tense?
The naughty boys of my home village use catapults to shoot the birds.
I really need to try your cooking when we get the chance.
Nowadays you can enjoy all eight delicacies at a young age.
Don't tell me what to do! Who do you think you are?
I've read the love poem he wrote for his girlfriend - it was really sickly.
I've waited for so long, but still not my turn.
He used to be really good-looking when he was young.
This song has a pretty good rhythm.
It is school picnic next week. We can wear casual wear.
The kid acts cute in front of his mom because he wants a toy.
How she reacts to jokes differs a lot with how we do.
There seems to be a star singing downstairs. It is so crowded.
The teacher asked students several questions to guide them on the right track.
The Government will sell a land lot by public tender.
He tried to flip stocks but ended up losing a lot.
This is not the first case.
Why don't you turn on the air-con in this very hot weather?
No more cake for me, I'm really full, thanks.
The citizens' demonstration aims to urge the Secretary to step down.
It's not really good, but it's not really bad either. It is tasteless but I don't want to waste the food.
You're sitting at the vent of the air-conditioner, of course you would feel cold!
It could be said as the strongest team in the world!
Our company are full of capable people that each of us performs excellently.
We have zero tolerance for vote buying.
The teacher gives us assignments every day.
Some musicians would buy an insurance for their hands.
I won't be mad if you behave well.
A responsible firefighter will protect the injured even in a dangerous situation.
After being released from the prison, he has turned over a new leaf. Give him a chance.
He owes me money but pretends nothing happened every time we meet.
She died of heart attack last year.
Milk tea can impair the stomach, you should drink less.
It is really disgusting that he changed his stance to kiss CCP's ass and took advantage of his friend's popularity to show his loyalty.
Siu-haa is sucking Siu-zi's dick.
After a long period of hard work, he went to Thailand to recharge his batteries.
Learn to float before learning how to swim.
He has a low rough voice, so he can't sing very well.
Everyone says watermelon juice is awful, but I think it is good to drink.
You enjoy 40% off if you buy prepaid coupons. You save more!
The violent shots in this firm exceed a reasonable limit.
The whole area was in misery after the tsunami.
My periods often last 3 days only.
Congratulations to Siu-ming for becoming the president of our society in the coming year!
Gosh, the team is lagging behind for 1 score, now even with a penalty kick. They can hardly win this time.
With the same denominator, the greater the numerator, the greater the fraction's value.
Paul felt nervous, anxious and fearful when facing the interviewer.
I just finished giving a statement to the police. They told me they will definitely charge me for wreckless driving.
He walked all over the opponent in the whole game, I guest there's no way he can lose.
He rises from the ashes of bankruptcy and build a factory yet again.
The business environment in HK is not comparable to how it was before.
He's born to have a good sound.
In Japan, they don't just have fish sashimi; they also have ones made with horsemeat.
Come to my home to play mahjong, and use part of the gambling money to buy dinner!
My sister is crying loudly.
They left hurriedly once they saw the journalists.
Silver is easier to match clothes than gold.
That wealthy woman is nothing more than a stepping-stone to me. I'm not marrying her.
In the Battle of Ning-Jin, the Guangdong-born general Yun Sung-wun led an army of mere 30000 men up against a legion of more than 100000 men.
Most guests have arrived. Emcee please standby.
This picture was drawn by me using a computer.
He ruins my business every time he comes. Clearly he has it out for me.
These chances will be mine anyway.
Serve water to the guests quickly!
After the first reclamation in Hong Kong, the current HSBC headquarters area was at the seaside.
In pseudo-elections, certain candidates are usually disqualified beforehand.
I know nothing about literature, but I do know a bit about entertainment.
As the name suggest, an oval face means that one's face has shape of an oval.
The time-slots of cheap air tickets are usually shit.
She'll definitely lose her voice later on from screaming so desperately now.
The construction site is dangerous, be careful.
To be honest, have you ever loved me?
Siu-ming dropped his pen on the floor, so he has to bend down in order to pick it up.
You are not a woman, how could you compare yourself to them?
First time stranger, second time close, then the third time is the finale.
The tree is totally bare, there's not even one leaf there.
Regardless of his integrity, no one from this company tops him in terms of ability.
I've said that he's not trustworthy at the very beginning!
An average of ten students are absent each day.
to help ex-drug abusers start a new life
When he got the prize, the whole audience gave him a standing ovation.
Many armed security guards of cash transport in Hong Kong use shotgun in daily escort task.
My old mangod rest his soulappeared to me in a dream last night.
Cut down on the swearing, would you? There are girls here.
Why the hell should I, a singleton, celebrate Valentine's Day?
The New Year is almost here, let's count down together.
Those developers are hoarding lands again. Such a waste of land.
My computer is out of battery, and I forgot to bring the charger.
I am afraid he's going to break his promise.
Grand Prix motor racing began in 1894.
What method will you use to buy the tickets to the football match?
He is still immature and silly for his age.
After becoming a member, we will offer you a one-month extra service, and it is free before the trial period expires.
His violin sounds very beautiful, getting everybody indulged in.
Every Mid-Autumn Festival, I eat mooncake to celebrate.
The government is more alert to this disease than before.
A-chung's driving skills are unsatisfactory. Just now he almost crashed the car.
Many people here are unpopular guys.
If I have to wait any longer, I will complain.
Do you know it's illegal to recruit triad members?
This policeman has already turned traitor and he is not credible again.
Why did you hide my homework? I have to hand it in tomorrow!
Access to closed records requires prior application in writing to the Government Records Service Director.
There are many naturalised Chinese in Australia.
I hurt her and I still feel sorry now.
Doctor, I need to fix my crooked teeth.
Two hours will pass in a blink.
123, traffic light. Cross the road, be careful. (a popular Cantonese child verse)
Stop covering a lie with another again, you can't hide the truth from him forever.
Electricity and water supply on average cost a household two dollars a month.
How terrible! You got pregnant before getting married?
It was very obvious from your behavior that you didn't like her.
Pardon my ignorance. Would you care to explain?
The referendum this time caused a great controversy.
You are carrying too much stuff that make you clumsy. How can you move quickly?
Why not put the toys into the tub and let the baby play a while.
Don't lose the ticket, later there would be someone come to check it.
The property price in Hong Kong is astronomical, so many people cannot afford a proper flat.
Such strange topics would arouse her curiosity.
The thug fires his gun and robs people even on the busy streets, he totally disregards law and discipline!
I am going to study in the USA next year.
Chinese is rich in stories about ghosts and gods.
I have no cash on me, let me grab some from the ATM.
He doesn't lie, but he boasts and exaggerates from time to time.
His son was born with thick hair.
I feel hurt when I saw my son working so hard.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority has amassed 80 billion USD worth of foreign reserve to stay afloat in this financial tsunami.
Your younger brother always stays at our place and sponges food off us. We need to do something.
Once he was behind bars, he was locked away for six years. Today, he was finally released.
We cannot let him disrupt our plans, else it will be all for naught.
I like girls who are relatively small and short.
Many startup stories are about giving up high pay then being a wealthy founder.
That bridesmaid is a bit too charming  don't you think she steals the bride's thunder?
When are you being good to her? She has a boyfriend. Are you bird dogging her?
Yuan Chonghuan was sentenced to death by lingchi because of treason.
Every help no matter how small counts! / Every little bit helps.
Having four children in a home, we seldom have any peace.
I am only an insignificant person, but I will do what I can do, to the best of my ability.
He had close contact with a confirmed case.
I have no friends can play instrument.
One bottle of water is 5 dollars, one box of water with 12 bottles of water is 45 dollars.
There are rumours that the Chinese government intervened in the stock market. Shanghai Composite Index bounced to above 2000 points in the afternoon trading period.
Do you understand what I say?
This piece of news is just for promotion, it may not be real.
The boss just announced that there would be no salary raise this year which has severely affected the employees' morale.
She is too soft and is often bullied by others.
He goes jogging for an hour every day.
The typhoon is approaching Hong Kong.
I am going to check out the book shop downstairs. It won't take too long.
I' m not matching with you, we will break up at any time!
Listen boy, stop acting like a smartass. You don't know nothing about the world.
Fresh milk needs to be kept cold throughout the deliver process.
If you don't hold your momma's hand, you are gonna get kidnapped.
The system here is so open and clear, it's easier for the citizens to supervise the government.
Let's join hands in keeping Hong Kong clean!
He is naughty. I must keep an eye on him as if I were walking a cow.
His career has advanced after he got a good boss.
Next time you deal with him by yourself.
Can you help me with this difficult task?
When I was small, I liked to do a cartwheel when I came out from backstage to join the dance. Usually, there would be a lot of applauses when I came out like this.
It's been a week and you have still not recovered.
The rockets from North Korea are clearly in low quality. It explodes in the sky even before it reaches the atmosphere.
He prefers to perform works of Mozart the most.
I want a home that belongs to myself.
He wasn't prepared for the interview, so he wasn't able to answer any of the questions.
Despite a reporter taking a picture of them travelling together, they steadfastly denied that they were having a relationship.
Thanks for giving me the book!
I was in a hurry catching a bus this morning and didn't realize my wallet falling off.
to classify the case as arson and murder
This person has done so many bad deeds that his death will not be mourned.
This morning I overslept and thus went to work very late.
Your computer freezes? Just press Ctrl+Shift+Alt to settle it.
Great seeing you again in this foreign place. We should meet and have dimsum later.
It's better to bring a compass when you go hiking.
Hurry up, we have to catch up the last departure.
After getting married, he changed a lot.
Ka-lok behaves well today. What a good boy.
What did you say? Why does he react like this?
Only Cantonese has this saying,  English does not have it.
Which school are you in?
How can I write Chinese calligraphy if there is no ink?
Her sweet singing voice is attractive.
Where are the administrators of the forum? There are so many adult videos on this site!
The police searched and found thirty kilograms of marijuana.
I want to hire a permanent employee to take care of the business for me.
You would be dead if it was an actual combat.
You haven't connected to the Internet, how can you upload?
In order to move up the corporate ladder, he even lowers his dignity to do everything and anything.
Our company has been trading ready-made garments.
It was his first trip to a city and a hillbilly like him has never seen such depravity.
They are such an unhappy couple. They argue all day and all night.
Use a rope to tie up the package, then we won't need to fear that it'll fall apart.
How can this fucking idiot be admitted to university? He even doesn't know how to make a simple questionnaire!
After speaking to him several times, he just always ignore me.
I always end up walking into spider webs head-on, getting a face full of web.
She speaks English very well.
We are going to watch a movie. How about you?
Have you finished the game you bought a while ago?
All the government officers are muddleheaded.
People gather together to surround him.
[ChatGPT]He's been diving for a long time without coming up for air.
My father does business overseas and seldom returns to Hong Kong.
Don't play for so long in the outdoors under this hot weather.
This bus got a broken starter switch.
What inspiration did we get from this story?
Both of them have entered a cubicle in the washroom. I don't know what they are doing there.
Siu Ming excels at long run; he is a lot faster than others.
You really need to treasure your books and prevent it from being torn in tatters.
A gaze can speak better than thousands of words.
After having a meal, he returned to the hotel for a relaxing sleep.
It takes an hour for him to just set his hair.
Some people are crowding into the underground train.
That old man is wearing a shabby old coat.
I have a lot of these left, you can eat with no scruple.
Such a nice deal is too good to be true. Be realistic!
A foreign singer will be debuting tonight in the club.
The neighborhood is full of immigrated black ghosts.
Above all, an administrative director must be able to appoint the right ones to appropriate duties.
I just played a pair of Jacks. It's your turn!
Could you speak louder please?
I wanna open an online shop so that I can save the rent.
The soccer team spent a lot recruiting a star coach, but it turns out that its rank has still not become higher.
Accessories will be provided only if you buy the mobile phone as authorized by the company.
This shop ripped off my money, so I'm gonna go around saying bad things about them.
You only got supermarket vouchers from that prize-draw, what's the big deal?
You have to pay a bail bond in order to get bail.
Everyone in the office is keen to form cliques. How can I stay out from these?
You're so selfish that no one wants to be friends with you!
That fop spent all of the inheritance his father gave him.
The government has declared martial law after ten at night.
He was so absorbed in his book that he didn't even notice me when I came in the room.
Expansion of several states is seen as an underlying cause of the war.
Fuck your Africa, I am from Brazil you idiot!
Although you are so young, you help a lot! You are really a capable person!
My original intention was never to harm anyone.
Your pronunciation is not very accurate, you'd better practice more.
They sell soy sauce in supermarkets, but it costs more than 3 a bottle.
She said she doesn't like you. Why are you so thick-skinned to keep running after her?
Let's colour the pig. Which colour pencil are you going to use?
According to the management office there will be no fresh water tomorrow.
Firemen's braveness in saving people is a good example for people to learn.
You should keep your promise.
He knows that he does wrong to a certain extent.
The couch is so big, why are you squeezing in here?
You should seriously consider how to deal with this thing.
Hey bossman, a catty of cabbage please.
He does not respect or treasure you, you'd better ignore him!
We should teach Chinese through Cantonese in the class, rather than Mandarin.
Ah-ming wears a pair of trousers in bright yellow, so people stare at him.
I need to revise the details before giving the proposal to my boss.
We can solve the problem through diplomatic channels.
The new company has hung up a very big shop sign.
Simply walk to his home, instead of waiting here.
I have no appetite after eating congee every day.
A fishing boat caught a giant tuna in the Mediterranean Sea.
This guesthouse is really dodgy. I don't know if the tap water is even clean enough to wash your hands with.
How can I settle this with you in a fair manner?
Particularly more people wear suspender skirts in summer.
Most of the exports of HK are garments.
Her reaction surprises me.
Humans use different senses to understand the world.
Neighbours have a great influence on children.
His divorce is not surprising as he paid no attention at all to his wife.
Hong Kong Velodrome is located in Tseung Kwan O.
Due to lack of funding, the centre will cease its operations starting next month.
Remember to bring this adapter with you when you go to Japan.
It's not surprising that the sun has an extremely hot core, but despite being far from the surface, it turns out the corona is ultra hot too.
Don't speak your words in a mumbled way.
to incite others to take part in an unlawful assembly
How many TV stations do Hong Kong have?
Everyone might have different perceptions and intuitive feelings while reading literary works.
Many people came to this concert out of admiration for his fame.
How many dollars do these fish cost per catty? How much is spent?
You are the firefly in the night.
My mom offers a chicken as a sacrifice to the gods during festivals.
The fibre found on the victim is identical to the one found on the suspect.
Our neighbouring table was having quite a fight, and out of the blue my face was splashed with a cup of water. I guess I am a collateral here.
The company has decided to increase investment in the real estate market.
How many oranges do you want? Five please.
The compliment always encouraging.
I am omniscient. I can answer whatever you ask.
Coaches often park along the streets of tourist attractions and cause traffic jams.
I am sincerely convinced by my failure in the competition.
He discovered that he got a positive in the AIDS blood test.
It is hard to see clearly when one has myopia in 1000 degrees without glasses.
Every one of you, stand still!
Beijing speaks openly to appoint the Chief Executive.
His style of speaking is mumbled and thus hard to comprehend.
The calligrapher takes the writing brush and starts writing.
Ah-lung bought two adjacent flats and knocked down the walls to make one large apartment.
I paid $3000 in advance for the company. Here are the receipts.
The peanuts have gone bad. Dont eat them.
Have you collected the full series of game cards?
By the way, your package has been delivered.
Today is midsummer. It's 7:30 and the sun still hasn't set!
The owner of that restaurant who used to cheat his employees now end up begging on the street as if punished by divine retribution.
They went shopping this afternoon, and brought back three large sacks full of booties.
She has almost perfected the art of acting, giving flesh and blood to every character she plays.
The film was edited by the director himself.
You really can't tell from his decent appearance that he keeps a mistress like others.
These years I've always been focusing on my job, and neglected my family.
He walked away from his massive debt and his family.
It's impolite for you to interrupt people from speaking!
It's okay for him to do so, but not for me. Do you still think that's not based on double standard?
It's so late now, and besides it's raining. Let's not go out.
He took malicious pleasure in framing others.
Nowadays, with eating meat or drinking hot tea being labeled as carcinogenic, do we have choices other than fasting as a means of achieving immortality?
"Which cup is which?" "This one is less sweet, and this one is normal."
A democratic system is not necessarily a panacea for solving problems about people's livelihood.
No wonder no one comes to buy here, the product quality is so poor.
Have you received their wedding invitation yet?
He feels ashamed due to this incident.
That's ok, let's do it.
He was previously straight. I have no idea when he has become homosexual.
Can you reply to me?
This woman is such a slut. She flirts with, like, every man in sight!
Many people are queuing up to buy strawberry ice-cream.
Mr. Tang's old company urged him to enter its management for its survival.
It's not so. He was in his seat a while ago.
Their fate intertwined and weaved out a cloth of blazing passion.
There are many ethnic Chinese in Malaysia.
We have captured the capital city of the enemy.
After you started to study abroad, I feel that there is a certain distance between our income and ways of thinking.
He looks a bit dissatisfied.
I am very dispirited today. I don't want to do anything.
It is an awesome show tonight. There is no "break for toilet" at all.
Any bro went to have breakfast tea in Chinese restaurant three days in a row?
Please bring all your personal belongings.
It's so tough to be in this romantic relationship, why don't you just break it off brightly and clearly.
He got into so much trouble and slipped away, so we had to take over from him. He was such a disaster.
In fact, this is normal but mostly young girls wear like this.
She is still young, she won't understand adult matters.
Our group aims to give a voice to the disadvantaged.
I think I have picked the wrong subject, this is not for me.
a set of policies that help to maintain stability of the property market
He didn't have the appetite, but forced himself to eat something before he went to bed.
For how many hours did you work today?
The topic of the next meeting session is air pollution.
When someone mentioned this matter, he would still be furious.
District council member said that the government should avoid acquiring white-elephant projects.
"Wh-Wh-What is yo-your name?" stuttered Ming.
The teacher shouted and ordered the students to stop fighting.
It is a must to wash our hands when we arrive home so as to wash away germs.
He has studied in Britain for so many years, of course he speaks good English.
A: "Pink is the best color!" B: "Not true."
Grandpa lost his breath in the midnight and left us.
Can you draw me a portrait?
Remember to calculate your ability to repay the loan before borrowing money from the finance companies.
He does not like playing with children much.
Her vocal range spanned three and a half octaves.
Sunflower seed is commonly used for making cooking oil.
She is too fast, I can't catch up.
He has a massive frame. If he were to faint, there's really nobody that could drag him.
Marinating the meat by soy sauce before cooking will make it more delicious.
Don't worry. He is quite a well-behaved person.
Last time we travelled to Taiwan and lived in a homestay.
His clothing is quite stylish.
It was done a freaking long time ago already. It would've been too late to wait till you were done.
I haven't made up my mind where to go yet. You decide.
You want that mean boss to increase your salary ? You are thinking too unrealistically.
The couple seemingly agree but are actually at variance, they must have problems.
Let me tell you the plot of my movie.
He always works like he is hiding something; who knows if there is something illegal.
Do not put hot water into plastic bottles.
He is used to playing western-style boxing, the rules said no attack on genital organs, that's why he couldn't handle that sneak attack on his scrotum.
After morning exercise, I feel delighted and energetic.
If you don't leave now, I'm going to call the police.
People start to have presbyopia around the age of forty.
I am working right now. I don't have time to have dim sum with you.
Many people have misconceptions about psychology.
His outfit is worth at least ten grand, style doesn't come cheap.
She has been quite distracted and will not sleep even by 11 o'clock.
He led the team members into the stadium.
He is tone-deaf and has absolutely no sense of pitch.
He won the Mark Six lottery jackpot and suddenly became a rich man.
He inserted the cassette and pressed the 'record' button.
What are you grumbling about?
Many university students borrow money to buy stocks.
Hey, that sack of rice weighs 8 kg. Can you even lift it?
Beware of her, she is not a nice person.
Are you trying to reach the sky in a single bound? You can't even do the basics well.
Giving out food after the flood is merely a temporary relief.
This brand is absolutely my favourite.
I have to go to toilet to poop, can you help me to look after the stuff?
I need to poo, an urgent one. Can you look after the stuff for me?
This project aims to train children.
They did not do anything wrong; they were just misled.
For only $100 you can see all the channels.
Die-hard fans rushed the stage and disrupted the concert.
This powdered milk is claimed to be effective in strengthening the baby's immunity.
The outer walls of this building are flaking seriously.
He has no idea what happened and is causing trouble for no reason.
My dream was to become a bus driver when I was little.
Judas, one of Jesus's disciples, betrayed him, resulting in the imprisonment of Jesus.
Time is precious, we must not waste it.
He need to earn enough to feed his family, so he must work hard.
After a stint in the stock market, he was drowned in debt.
China is regarded by some people as a developed country.
May we invite our guests to cut the ribbon after my countdown from three.
We must not underestimate the ability of the Chinese team.
After all the university education, you want to become a cook?
This man is so detestable that everyone wants to smash his face.
We might see a full moon on autumn equinox.
Miss, I haven't bought my textbook.
This is a really tough case. Who would like to handle it?
If we don't change our strategies for the next game, we'll lose for sure.
Due to economic recession, many companies are laying off the number of staff.
Actors should also sleeve up and fold their water sleeves well.
The battery has swollen, I am not sure if replacing the battery would fix the device.
My grandpa was hired by a rich family to safeguard their house.
The director put his heart into this film and hoped it would inspire Hongkongers.
The amount of money he borrowed is extremely large, just as if he needed not return it.
You have fifty thousand credit.
His marks were really excellent.
Using one egg in baking this cake is just right.
She is as ugly and evil as the witch in Snow White.
This person came rather menacingly and looked contentious.
No matter how much we love each other, death will keep us apart at last.
She is poor yet she is still very willing to help people by donating money.
Do me a favour and break this 500-dollar note.
[ChatGPT]A little bit of dew is flowing away on top of the flowers.
My younger sister likes playing with modelling clay.
I waited for the bus at the bus stop for a long time.
This project is a mess. Did the person-in-charge execute it without any planning at all?
The door of our home is always open for you.
Many people hope their retirement lives could be free.
The trash here is always outweighing the capacity of rubbish bags, no matter how many there are.
I just think that you know how to do this.
Not only do I get up early but also have to serve my husband's mother every morning.
Nerds don't know jack about big brands!
You can claim the travel expenses if you work overtime and take a taxi home.
May we now invite Mr Wong to help us draw the lots.
Why would you say that you're dying soon? Take it back and say something else!
As one has genuine strength, he will make a comeback someday!
Due to insufficient liquidity, Yahoo needs to issue bonds to finance itself.
You always moaning for such a simple reqeust.
Because of his leaking of confidential information, the entire world knows about this plan now.
Every time when he gets into trouble, his parents will help him to clean up the mess.
Needless to say, he won't lend you money.
Hong Kongers are neophiles. They upgrade their mobile phones every year.
This phosphate ore provides most of the heat needed for the calcination.
Many people could not tell the difference between Pepsi and Coca-cola.
The civil war of Syria has caused many innocent civilians to lose their lives.
After the car accident, the driver was stuck in the car on the verge of death.
The Department of Justice withdrew the charge due to insufficient evidence.
The level of English taught in kindergarten is getting more advanced. I don't know how to pronounce many of the words being taught.
Don't curl up when you're sitting, it will cause back pain.
The contents can be summarized into the following points.
The Observatory issued the yellow rainstorm warning at 12:20 at night.
Excuse me, give me a pair of shoes in size 9.5, can you.
The hinge is squeaking. You should spray some lubricant on it.
You look sneaky. What tricks are you playing this time?
Don't be so depressed, there are still chances for you next year.
I was just away and did not see the message.
He always peeps at people when they are bathing.
Throw away all the inkless pens. They need not be kept.
Furthermore, we should help each other.
Even one mistake can do one's credibility a lot of harm.
Your action figures are taking up too much space. Just throw them away!
You should not merely take care of yourself!
My son had a febrile seizure when he was small. Luckily he grew out of it.
Ah-ming believes firmly that he will enter heaven after death.
If you lie to me again, you will not be my friend anymore!
Got it! One iced tea, coming up!
This pass will be activated today.
cannot satisfy the curiosity of these kids
Why didn't you greet your uncle? Mind your manners!
I have never loved you.
This brand is the first choice of my family.
Though the government has resumed the Home Ownership Scheme after halting it for so many years, it still cannot fulfill the housing need of citizens.
Obviously we can arrive at there by MTR in 5 minutes, but you still chose to walk, you really like to give up comfort and choose hardship.
This one year course includes too many things. The students can't remember all of them.
He intends to teach in his alma mater.
I do temporary jobs only, about $500 a day.
When cooking green bean sweet soup, adding some kelp to it makes it better.
Four six'es? I've got four aces!
After three rounds of selection, he finally became a member of the band.
The vase is so expensive. There's no way I'll be able to pay for it.
I go to church every Sunday.
The food is oily. That's fatty.
His fanny pack is full of useful gadgets. He even has a compass.
Plato recognised that four elements: earth, air, fire, and water, composite all matters.
People are saying GTA6 is coming out soon. Hearing that makes me so excited.
Rabbits are so cute, why would anyone abandon them?
There are many shopping malls in Wong Tai Sin.
God cannot hear your prayer.
When I thought of my mother's pork ribs, I will feel hungry.
Wow, you shaved your head? That's pretty extreme!
This can of tea leaves has a soft, refreshing scent.
Her boyfriend is good at sports and very fit.
The Cantonese have many ways to prepare chicken.
Kowloon Walled City Park is a Chinese-style park.
The government must do all it can to stop the crime rate from rising.
There's so much good food. He'll be thrilled to death.
The potato skins have to be removed before mashing the potatoes.
Your hair style looks cool!
Actually you are not fat at all.
Twenty million dollars is a great sum; how can I collect it in such a great rush?
He thought the box of pastels that I bought him doesn't have enough colours.
Bomb disposal experts detonate the bomb.
He is determined to implement this policy.
hen you travel to other countries, you should check whether you need a visa or not.
He decided to stand for the District Council election this year.
The teacher forcefully snapped the pencil in half.
This accident made her suddenly realize the value of life.
Nowadays many people would buy and sell farming lands as investment.
Once addicted to heroin, it is very hard to get rid of it!
Among so many she understands others' feelings most.
He will write back once he has settled down in Canada.
Only speaking up against injustice can make our society improve.
The market is very dull recently. I couldn't make one sale today.
Sik Sik Yuen Wong Tai Sin Temple is a Taoist temple that can issue marriage certificates.
You have good intention, but this may cause negative impact.
Seems like he has got a lot of acne on his face, so he refused to show his face.
There are plenty of tycoons in the business world, Lee Ka Sing is one of the most outstanding ones.
She was stopped by the police and asked to take a breath test.
There are at least 100,000 people who've come to the protest this year.
I can move after putting on my shoes. Why are you pressing me?
Ah Ming gets fat easily - even he only eats a tiny helping of food.
All the original works of Li Bai belongs to the public domain.
The prince and the princess lived happily ever after.
She looks so cute with twintails!
This medicine has a lower efficacy.
The company has to check the original copy of the graduation certificate of each employee.
He asked me out on a date, but that does not necessarily mean I have to say yes.
They are so close. Are they a couple?
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
We usually drink oolong tea, so we are not used to drinking pu'erh tea.
The whole farm takes up 55 hectares.
The sky in Beijing is full of smog.
Tonight the award ceremony will be hosted by Ming.
Mum, when are you back home?
Our boss is very mean, even if the company makes a profit, it won't pay any bonus.
I don't know all these new singers.
A discount of 10% would be given for any purchase of the designated items.
The girl slapped her boyfriend's face fourteen times.
He told everyone that he would win. It'd be a disgrace if he lost.
In general, the plan is still acceptable.
The government has announced a number of measures to stimulate the economy.
you should defend yourself when someone attack you.
I saw them hand-in-hand with my own eyes.
He bought a sugarcane for gambling with me, not for eating.
In the past, people grew finger millet to make a living when harvest was poor.
White bread is a kind of refined foods. It is not healthy.
I need to pay the rent at the beginning of each month.
He and I were inseparable when we were kids.
We should have a principle when we take action or behave ourselves.
Just google it, don't ask others all the time.
He received the wedding invitation from Ming, but he actually doesn't want to go.
I am bored, is there anything interesting to do?
You are the one responsible for the project. Not me.
I have replaced with a bigger bookcase.
Before he went to private school, his uncle already taught him to read.
It's no use hugging his dead body. He's not coming back.
The success of this matter relies entirely on me
This story is interesting. Kids like it very much.
Telephone deceptions were found everywhere. We should beware of them.
My dad often buys me candies.
You're only a scholar, how can you win a fight against a thief who's holding a knife?
Just now, all I did was berate A-chung slightly, and he burst out crying. What a wimp!
In case he disagrees, just let it be!
Go to this URL to access my personal website.
I envy their fate which has brought them together eventually.
A country has its laws; a family has its rules.
I cannot received the email.
Many people rather keep more cash to enjoy their life than being mortgage slaves.
I used to build a house just near the stream.
None of them really wanted to come. They all made excuses and left.
80 percent of words in this composition are wrongly written.
Recently, the exposure rate of this advertisement has been very high.
Please help with this thing, I'm sure you'll gain some advantages from it.
This shop is having an end-of-month bargain sale.
SARS is such a horror show because it is extremely infectious.
Anyone thinks they are completely worthless?
Kid, have a candy.
His brave acts were admired by people.
It is lucky that victims of this accident all have a superficial wound only.
After he lost his job, he sits there every day, waiting for better luck.
Although he is rich in physical life, he is deficient in his spiritual life.
How do you break even when you are doing business like this?
With that warface of yours, how can you negotiate with others?
I am going to the company to sign a contract.
Why do you spend so much time in the toilet? Are you defecating?
Throw the rubbish in the bin.
Fai accidentally made Yan's favourite cup fall down.
The water pipe bursts. The Water Supplies Department is making emergency repairs.
I often forget to bring my keys.
Dental calculus leads to the accumulation of more dental plaques and the rise of chance of suffering from periodontitis.
Mirage in desert occurs because of multiple times of refraction and total-reflection formed in the atmosphere.
You are too pure. Don't let those calculating people take advantage of you.
You won't succeed in just a day.; Rome is not built in one day.
The machine will turn on after three minutes.
There is a toilet, you take the son to urinate.
I haven't spoken English for too long; I get so inarticulate whenever I speak.
Don't cry foul. You're not innocent. I have proof that you stole Siu Ming's phone.
What is a maximum break in snooker?
Ah-wai has always been passionate about music.
Oh, maybe he went to Mong Kok.
Frist time you visit your boyfriend's parents should send a gift to them.
You'd better think about it carefully. It's inevitable.
Only a few people truly appreciate this antique.
The computer hung, and he kept hitting it to vent his spleen.
May I ask if the head of household is here? We have some issues about this house we want to discuss with him/her.
These days my brother repeatedly had pneumothorax and needed to admit to the hospital. Finally he had to undergo pleurodesis.
I had diarrhoea this morning and I couldn't go to school.
All hand carry luggages must be weighed before boarding.
Our house was broken into while we were out.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, the governments sent planes to evacuate expatriates from there.
He often forgets to bring the key.
I often wear a T-shirt and jeans when I am not in the office.
A prosperous economy encourages people to consume more.
Those Gundam figures are his prized possessions. They must not be touched!
The travelling distance between Tin Shui Wai and Chai Wan is very long. Just rest for a while if you are tired.
I haven't heard back from any of the companies I've interviewed with.
hom does he learn calligraphy from?
There are two house helpers taking care of my son in my home.
My home is in Mui Wo which is far away from everything.
I've never liked water melon.
This phone takes a lot of electricity, it's not worth buying.
I don't like her either, but as we work together, it's meaningless to wear a scowl on my face every day, you know.
They like whispering behind me.
The General Manager came to the scene personally.
This cup is heat-resisting. You can put it in the microwave.
We didn't just go shopping, we even watched a movie.
We had a twelve-course dinner last night.
The face of my husband's mother lightens up once she heard that she is going to have a grandson.
This sells for 200 dollars. It's not too expensive. Actually the price is reasonable.
Hey! Long time no see, let's have some chit-chat!
You didn't turn the tap off after use?
I won't settle for a translated version of the novel. I will, of course, find the original English version to read.
The blooming season for this flower is usually around March or April of the year.
The stock market fluctuates by thousands of points every day.
In summer, there are ceiba flowers floating in the air.
The reinforcements have not yet arrived. Everybody, stay strong!
It's "Everyone's Birthday" today. I wish you all a happy birthday and good health!
There are lots of fine details that requires your close attention when you rent a flat.
When the singer was performing, she was catcalled by the audience.
I've been working so hard in the company, but the manager has decided to dismiss me?
Did you go to that Christmas ball?
In order to be removed from the lay world, A-ming went to study spirituality at a Buddhist temple.
My wife is a good wife and a capable mother.
Alone in a foreign place and not getting his way, he was once hopeless and felt that life held nothing for him.
Usually, the actions of pop stars will become a trend that people will follow and imitate.
He asked for my help to complete his lie. He told his parents that he was going to study with me, but actually he went out with his girl.
You can hardly survive if you get struck by lightning.
They say So Chun used to stab his thigh with an awl to avoid falling asleep while studying.
He works so sloppily.
Why are you peeking at that guy? You love him?
He has written a book, which is called  Yuck! I don't want to mention it - "The Postmodern Construction  An Interpretation beyond Its Framework".
I have just received the pay statement from the bank.
His net worth is $5.6 billion.
I bought some blood worms for feeding the fish.
Only if we work cooperatively can we do a good job.
The winter solstice is on the 21st or 22nd of December.
You're too kind, dropping by with your loving little gifts.
Sharon Stone's alluring pose in the movie Basic Instinct is surely a classic.
I'm waiting for Mr Right!
The securities committee will continuously sanction this company.
The dishes were not covered with a lid, so they got covered by dust.
I declare with utmost sincerity that I have never lied to anyone.
This party surely is a feast.
Don't get too close to the river. The water may carry you away.
The marker has a loose hand on marking papers and it's easy to score grade A.
I bought lots of cleaning apparatus.
He can do 20 push-ups in one go.
This tyrant treats people badly by resorting to every conceivable mean
This is a very troublesome case, so you have to handle it carefully!
A comparison between the pros and cons of laptops and tablets
The dishes are the same every time. I'm tired of them!
Supporting our parents is our moral obligation.
Narrowing the wealth gap is the most pressing matter of the moment in our society.
