It's really bad luck to buy big and open small, and keep buying small and big.
The road into the airport is now very congested.
A little swollen rice dumplings are made with red bean puree.
The talk is three minutes long, with a ten-minute break in between.
The tea is so hot, you will burn your tongue when you drink it.
Other than that, I learned to forgive.
If you are dissatisfied with the product, the original silver will be returned.
The prizes in this draw are abundant.
The girl smiled shyly at her crush.
As soon as his husband passed by, he saw things and thought about people as soon as he saw his husband's things.
Not many Hong Kong people can devote themselves to Hong Kong's sports from a distance.
This movie star is surrounded by a lot of fans.
The chair is there, thank you.
Don't look for a job for a friend, he's so rootless.
In ancient Greek legends, the queen of Sparta was known as the first beauty.
After repeated harassment, Ling finally couldn't help but call the police.
I was disgusted when I saw you ugly!
Where should I deal with this white-eyed wolf?
Education is what is left after you forget what you learned in school after you graduate.
He reads Kong U engine.
There is a cert level for this question.
How much does it cost to replace a heel?
The media exaggerated the official's dereliction of duty, causing a storm in the city, and finally made the official resign.
This show was filmed for more than a dozen episodes and terminated for no reason, there must be an inside story.
Recently, a lot of Jeho cards downstairs have been handing out leaflets.
Victoria Harbour is deep and wide, and large cruise ships can also be berthed.
It turned out that the suspect had premeditated this wounding case.
A: "Can I borrow your bathroom?" B: "Please." 」
His life was strung together by several tragedies, and it was simply tragic.
Listen first, I don't know if it's not.
No one could have guessed that in a few years he would become a new generation of kung fu women.
The officials involved have been removed from their posts and are under investigation.
Bleeding too much during menstruation makes it easy to become anemic.
Demon, don't touch the stinky sweat all over your body.
Relatives came to our house for dinner tonight, and when you came back, you cut the barbecued pork.
Teach your children to sometimes have to be both soft and hard, and they will admire you.
The company's decisions are at stake in the livelihood of all employees.
Bacteria are not visible to the naked eye.
For the sake of friends, I can build a wall.
I didn't bring an umbrella last night and got wet, and now I'm cold and cold.
What does it mean to be a human being?
Without global confidence in the Hong Kong dollar, the embankment will collapse.
They have experienced many turmoil.
What is the name of the background music for the segment?
I still have a lot of homework to correct tonight, and I haven't had to sleep for a long time.
Let's brainstorm what we are going to do with the present.
The toilet is at the end of the hallway, and it is self-deed.
Pay attention to your diet, don't eat anything that has too much salt, sugar and oil.
How the hell did this happen?
He doesn't have a lala douba star and sticks to the dove thread!
Stock trading opens at 10 a.m. every day.
The government has been relaxing the standards for bridge settlement.
Is there someone who can help me point me out?
He excelled at his job and was soon promoted to manager.
Wow, Yingduo noodles are cheap and delicious, and they really deserve it!
This contract is a milestone in the development of our business.
It's a rare holiday, and the weather is so good today, many people bring their families to the beach to sunbathe.
There are rumors that the manager will resign.
He was not reported by the media on the details of the operation.
After three rounds, we all knew who the winner was.
At the last minute, you have to be careful, don't break the end.
You're useless to me, it's hard for me to do anything.
I've handed you a ball, and you'll find me after you finish this part.
This year, there are few typhoons that can enter the South China Sea and affect Hong Kong.
There are so many people in the pool, don't be afraid of not being able to get married.
I'm Xi drinking coffee every morning.
On August 8, 1945, the Soviet Union declared war on Japan. On the same day, the United States dropped its second atomic bomb on Changqi.
He actually played with suicide, this time it was really over the fire!
He likes to take advantage of something to do.
Manager Wang often fills his own pockets, and uses the company's money to take his family on a trip to enjoy.
Today is the coldest day since the beginning of winter.
The government cut down several old trees overnight.
You're treating him so badly, you can't do anything to make it up.
He felt that if he admitted his mistake, he would lose face.
I haven't seen a sister child as serious as you.
Is it okay to borrow a notebook to copy the line?
Yesterday your company had a party, who would do it?
Some stickers were glued all over the place.
He can represent Hong Kong in badminton competitions at such a young age, and he is indeed very spirited.
If you have two businesses, one is losing money and the other is making money. When you wait for the money to be spent, which business will you sell?
Eight planets orbit the Sun.
Passengers returning to Hong Kong from South Korea are subject to quarantine.
Jerk off and accidentally bukkake himself.
Some legislators throw garbage in the Legislative Council like tens of thousands of dollars in wages.
Ten minutes later, a briefing will be held in the lobby.
He arrived not long after I arrived.
At present, there is a shortage of talents in the IT industry, and fresh graduates are all in demand.
In order to prevent this bully from doing evil again, I have no choice but to drag him along and die together!
Now that inflation is so bad, everyone is a millionaire.
Be flexible, don't be static.
He's a very nice girl, you have to cherish him.
Don't be comfortable with others, are you really helping people first?
I drooled at the sight of the dessert.
He's a very cheap guy, and he talks about salty and wet things all day long.
You know that you are not beautiful, so don't sell it, be careful that you can't get married.
I accidentally hit his car, and I paid him 3,000 yuan to calm the situation.
There was a commotion ahead, and everyone stood still, not daring to step forward.
Some knock-off stuff is cheap, but it's not useful at all.
When the wind on the door and window glass is subjected to the pressure of the wind, it should be kept away.
Recently, I don't know if it's black, and I always bite my tongue when I talk.
Fortunately, the driver braked in time, so there were no casualties.
Pull the starting point blinds will brighten the highlights.
Eat what you cook, Dad can eat as much as he wants.
If you are friends with the underworld, you are playing with fire.
The more I read history, the more I felt that world peace was an unattainable dream.
The long summer vacation is finally over, and it's time for school.
Some of his recent whereabouts have been secretive, and he must have done something wrong.
Picky eating can lead to nutritional imbalances in the body.
After here, walk a few minutes and get there.
Don't get in the way here!
Animal manure is the natural nutrient for plants.
Aren't you hungry? I'll cook you some noodles to eat.
I don't have any milk today, so I can't give my milk BB to eat.
Now that you're so lazy, you have to grow up?
At present, the number of virus tests is too small to identify many patients with mild symptoms in the community.
The framing of the building requires the selection of suitable shooting points.
That deadline has passed.
Every time, not many people responded to the cultural propaganda activities, and finally turned into a tiger.
No one can guess what will happen in the future.
Haven't you received an invitation from us yet?
The incompetence of government officials accelerates the polarization of society.
I've got dry eyes, do you have any eye drops?
He used to live in Canada.
Full of warmth and lust, hunger and cold arouse the heart of theft.
Failure to repair public facilities can have serious consequences.
This question includes prior donations.
This government has acted perversely, of course, it will not win the hearts of the people!
I'll be fishing here the whole time.
These words are written like curved bow shrimp, how do you look at it?
Cities are bounded by the river, separating the north and south.
Don't keep playing basketball, it's easy to get a ball and have a baby.
He is a little sick and needs to be checked by a doctor.
When will that floor be built?
Parents who are too lenient with their children spoil them.
The ditch is blocked, and someone has to be found to open the ditch.
His parents also died in a bicycle accident, leaving him an orphan.
The most important thing to go to an interview is to give people a good impression.
The new boss likes to do practical things, and got that sycophant to milk the soles today.
In the past, bridal shops and photo studios were opened in Xithep Street to Chengxing Chengcheng.
I am willing to take care of you for the rest of your life.
Why do you always live on the line and don't seem to have to sleep like this?
You don't look at him as a person, but he is actually very knowledgeable.
He didn't have the slightest human touch! When he saw me crying like this, he wouldn't come to comfort me.
He stubbornly denied that he had driven his car and hit someone else.
He didn't hesitate to say a word and stabbed a traitor to death.
K Jun is storing flash cards for German-made buses, and when he sees the special line of this pile of cars, remember to call him to shoot!
He shares his tips on maintaining a youthful appearance with his friends.
Just after the rain has just come out, you have to water the flowers?
He has been left behind by a lot of people.
The HKMA makes announcements on the operation of the banking system and financial markets.
Just when Mom and Dad were arguing about what to eat for dinner tonight, they suddenly made a trip to bite the gold, and the charter lady walked into the room with a few fierce and vicious debt collectors and asked us to pay the rent.
Zero degrees Fahrenheit is equivalent to minus 17.78 degrees Celsius.
Could you please help me bring this applicant's file?
These photos are in the signature, no money spent and no fake.
Every spring, a large number of tourists come to Japan to see the cherry blossoms.
You get what you pay for. This ring only sells for 100 yuan, so it must not be made of real gold.
When he drafted the revisions, he kept refining the words.
The gentleman lost control of his anger and slapped a student.
I have a piece of art that is priceless.
You promised me to be admitted to the university, and you are sure to do it!
Due to various reasons, we canceled our trip to Korea.
We moved and carried and carried and didn't eat all day, so of course we didn't choose to eat.
He's a dishonest guy who writes stories here all day
There's a spider in your hand, get rid of him!
I wish you a happy new year and a safe entry and exit!
Drilling oil on land is economical over offshore.
This measure is simply useless, and after so long, the problem has not been solved.
It's a heavy taste for you to listen to some songs.
Why don't you come out and make it clear face to face.
I used to be athletic, but now I'm too old to move.
It's okay, I'll take care of him myself.
I don't know how to repay you for this kindness.
The "Enhanced Physical Measurement Programme" aims to promote the standard method of measuring height and weight, and to raise parents' awareness of their children's physical condition.
You've really killed me this time!
Playing Monopoly I like to be the banker the most.
Why don't you have so much time to find me and break up with a girl?
If you confess your sins, you will be forgiven.
When are you going to start your own business? I'm ready to do big business with you!
After several hard work, he finally succeeded in setting things right and cleaning up the Suzhou left by his predecessors.
I will always remember that adventure in the forest.
It's really rare for others to be so mature when they're careful.
I always get Kwai Xing and Kwai Fang wrong.
Every one of his sons and daughters came back from a foreign country to die with him.
"The protagonist walks into a different world" is a bridge used in many stories. "Alice in Wonderland" is used.
It is said that your goddess has collected the army again, and you still don't go to take the form to enlist in the army?
He must have fallen in love with me at first sight, all discharged.
At the end of the month, I invited a few friends to eat with the chef, which was really good.
I'm going back tonight, so I'm going to get some sleep in the afternoon.
Business in the second half of the year is getting better.
I've always liked Amin and thought he was smart.
Be sure to brush your teeth before you go to bed.
Ever since I had a drawing tablet, I don't use a mouse to draw.
Kwai Chung KCC opened to find Xie Tingting to support the venue.
Although he has a bad temper, it is also a fact that he is very good to his friends.
You can't succeed on your own.
He would spend thirty minutes putting on makeup every morning before he went out the door.
What is the introduction of software for learning programming on white paper?
He was well-read and very knowledgeable.
He grew up in Kowloon, so he knew the road very well.
The total number of visitors to Disneyland is 30,000 per day.
Flared pants are a very contemporary garment.
Membership will give away two movie coupons.
At the end of the year, the company will pay dividends based on performance.
If you have a daughter, it's better to defend yourself with a skill.
said that it has nothing to do with me, it's useless for you to black my face.
Oxygenated blood flows from the lungs into the heart and from the large arteries to the rest of the body.
Now Haoxing cloud technology, is your company useful?
You didn't lose your shoe polish, so it's no wonder your shoes don't make it.
Next month, several South Korean movie stars will come to Hong Kong for an autograph session.
Who is behind this?
The authenticity of the manuscript will be examined by experts.
Women should check their breasts on their own from time to time and detect breast cancer as early as possible if they have it.
Eating fries usually results in ketchup.
This grandson always has his grandmother to support him, so he always doesn't listen to his parents now.
The cause of death was excessive blood loss.
He worked so hard that I don't think he'll finish writing this book in less than three months.
I'm done! Oxford took me!
How long does it take, not half a month at most!
Boys' home, don't be so motherly!
We stayed in the suburbs for the next few nights.
Eat roast pork and some mustard will be delicious.
Play adversity ball, be calm and patient.
Some people have a bit of a quirk in private, but as long as it doesn't affect people, there is no need to make a fuss.
Yang Hucheng launched an army to force Chiang Kai-shek, demanding that the civil war be stopped and that the Japanese should be united against Japan.
It turns out that you are so powerful, disrespectful, disrespectful!
It was widely believed that all 10 of his charges would be confirmed.
Some people think that of course a lawyer must marry a doctor to be the right person!
Of course, I, an outsider, don't want to comment on the rights and wrongs between you and your husband and wife.
In ancient China, eunuchs often interfered in politics.
How can we solve the problem of incomplete pentatonic sounds?
Have you ever visited the Queen Mother this year?
I also have to go to work from Monday to Saturday.
Why are you so good, wow, I'm going to grind until three o'clock ...
Residential care homes for the elderly in Hong Kong are operated by non-governmental organisations, non-profit-making organisations and the private sector.
Standing people, there is a word "speech" on the right, which means "believe".
In any case, people should not have the idea of committing suicide.
The mobile phone is used like pouring water, and it has to be recharged.
What about hanging the eighth tonight! I will lose the ball before going to work tomorrow morning, remember to get up on time to go to work!
My house is as small as Dourun.
This passport must be stamped.
Leaders must have great insight.
In many places, although there are many historic buildings in the old town, there are also many health and other problems at times.
Speak with consideration for the feelings of others.
People dye gray heads like old people.
God has answered your prayers.
I believe that the students in my class know how to handle this on their own.
He has been in this business for decades, and all the edges and corners have long been smoothed.
He is one of the best psychologists in the world today.
Obviously, the boss didn't say who was responsible, but someone sat in the right seat, clearly showing that there was in the body.
Playboy will only come to the mule girl with rhetoric.
I don't think the written test is difficult, but the road test is.
You killed one of me, and thousands of me.
Our company was born and raised here.
If you indulge your children so much, they won't listen to you in the future, and you will reap the consequences!
Don't be untargeted here!
As soon as the company went public, Uncle Six took three balls to the bank to sweep the goods.
You might as well do it again tomorrow.
Wow, that's pretty! It's him!
They plan a wedding with a special face.
Help the new company get back to the name first.
Customs officers found a packet of heroin on a passenger's body.
When I go to a dinner, I am the sister who is responsible for accompanying the laughter.
I love bananas and apples.
Ah Song learned to sexually harass, and as a result, he was ordered to make a community service order.
Now there are still blind marriages and dumb marriages in India and China.
He was as beautiful as a fairy descending from earth.
The child's mental development is delayed.
You're my good sister, of course I'll help you.
He moved his house, so he was going to change schools.
I don't have anything to ask for, I can't be hungry if I'm full, I'm not hungry, and it's enough to be stable.
You're out of joint, it's over!
They fight all day long over money.
They vowed to take legal action.
There is a well there, I wonder if there is water?
Malaysia has changed, and the ruling party has lost its first general election in 60 years.
I've counted a thousand sheep, and how else can I sleep and clothe?
My parents are not in Hong Kong, and I have to eat everything by myself.
His achievements are there for all to see.
Egg making is the basic skill of cooking.
The paper can't hold the fire, and it's better to confess.
He wants to run for the next chairmanship.
My father's snoring was good, and I heard it in the next room.
He admitted his mistake after scolding, and he really didn't let go.
This toothbrush looks clean, but it's secretly sloppy!
To be honest, a person's origin largely determines his thoughts and actions.
My friend takes a nap every day.
The building was on fire, and a little flame burned with a sound.
Xiao Ming loves singing, so he joins the school choir.
He should be in court again on Monday.
Since you love each other with all your heart, I will fulfill you and allow you to get married.
You're from Hong Kong? Then it's Guizhi's son.
There were a couple of crucial and precise interceptions in this one.
Eat more fruit, it's good for you!
The ruins ahead are eerie, so let's go.
I'm just working, what's the point?
I wanted to study fashion design, so I was going to apply to Polytechnic University.
This kind of book is very suitable for the taste of Hong Kong people.
There is a green minibus connecting to the subway.
It's boring to sit at home all day.
One meal starts at 40 yuan per person.
It's just not this kid.
How excessive is your boss?
Look at you, there are more bumps than meals. The boss is here to fire you!
Recently, wearing a mask on the street can easily get the flu.
I can't load what he said.
This international tournament is a great opportunity to make a name for yourself.
It is cheaper to buy parallel goods, but there is no maintenance.
Is this news unreliable?
The class friend died of rape, and several people kept playing deaf while playing cards, clearly cheating money.
This team is scattered and will definitely not win this game.
He got back together with his ex-boyfriend last week.
He was greeted with expletives all over the clock.
My boss is the same for a while, how to get to my Tuotuo twist.
The World Health Organization is a huge organization.
There will be air crashes all day long in this area.
The hallucination is just coming!
He had been raped before, and he was traumatized.
I believe that evil will be rewarded, and these villains will definitely be better punished than God.
Every time I asked him about marriage, he didn't do anything about me.
Some workers hoisted some of the containers onto the deck.
Haven't you ever seen a beautiful woman?
He was the scapegoat for a single embezzlement case.
We should be patient with this.
Chen Dawen was registered today, and every friend told him to be careful when picking up the nagging.
Many people wear surgical masks when they are sick and want to go out on the street.
You have a vacation, and he will take over the work.
The book is really selling well, and this is the fifth time it has been reprinted.
Their divorce is just a last resort!
The job is not simple, and not everyone can do it.
Be sure to check the parts for problems before the plane takes off.
This academic journal has been embellished with many colorful pictures.
When the government does something wrong, it just wants to shirk its responsibility.
Girls should be careful when hitchhiking alone.
The boss came out to explain the reason for the salary cut.
There are so many people over there, why are you going in?
A true friend doesn't talk about money.
He's so pretty tonight.
These teas come from Wuyi Mountain, Fujian.
The meeting had to be cancelled because a lot of people were releasing pigeons.
won the Best Actor for his superb acting skills
Chinese was declared an official language in 1974.
There is a 20% discount on selected products.
I'm sorry to delay you.
This friendly eyebrow is very good-looking, but the truth is not right, and Zhou falls into the well from time to time.
Hurry up and unlock it, I'll rush in and get something.
I'm afraid, and he's still going to count.
The director of discipline called some troublesome students to give a lecture.
I think that's pretty good.
I don't have any money to eat, let's see, drag me into the back alley and let the dog bite him!
Ever since my grandmother was sick, my grandfather took care of him like he was an inch.
I've heard that the guy is always the girl next to the neighbor!
The news hit his self-esteem hard.
There are only about 20,000 polar bears left.
Now some young people are very rebellious.
I want to raise you with hard work.
He is now in a state of extreme concentration.
You won't listen to anything I say.
Wait a minute, I'm going to take a test, and my classmates are like enemies.
Ah Song's clothes looked like they hadn't been washed for months.
The national name of the United States is "United States of America".
The topics discussed in society now are also closely related to you.
I speak English fat men. What should I do?
Compared to him, your family background is like a mosquito leg and a cow's leg.
This teacher is very strict, so these students don't dare to be lazy.
Don't clean up the mouth and let those with their own opinions.
If your diabetes is not well controlled, many complications will soon occur.
Lamma Island is famous for its shrimp paste!
Not only does he work overtime every day, but sometimes he doesn't even have a holiday.
Dead open point, shhhhh
A group of citizens who oppose the tax hike petition outside the government.
The climate in Hong Kong is very poor, humid and hot.
In the aftermath of a disaster, the most important thing is to calm the panic and anxiety of the victims.
He was so unreasonable, and I didn't bother to pay attention to him.
I went to see a star land, I just had to look at the word rack.
A weight loss product contains a controlled western drug ingredient that can be harmful to health.
It's not the first time they've played field warfare.
It is said that many years ago, there was an ancient castle here.
The shop was dark and muggy, so squatting.
This blind spot is not visible to many drivers, so be careful when you walk there.
The atomic bomb explosion creates a mushroom-shaped cloud.
The prosecution must prove that the defendant's conduct was a proximate cause of the injury.
This classic car of mine was left to me by my father, and it is worthless, but it has feelings.
They were always inseparable for the first few months of dating.
Several taxis and trucks were destroyed in Mong Kok.
The girl was very simple-minded.
When you grow up, you have to remember what you did today, and you still have to pay for it yourself another day.
He's also insane, and I'll him.
This show is simply insulting the IQ of the audience.
He was so nonsensical that he couldn't tell that he was a teacher.
He set fire to death at the immigration station and came out after sitting for eight days. Now he has to be a tea restaurant owner in Hong Kong, and he really kills people and sets fire to the gold belt.
We all know very well what he is like a person.
If you want to buy a washing machine, you find that the kitchen is not enough, and you can't buy most of it, it's very troublesome!
Let's salute first and then soldier, and see how we count it first.
He didn't have time to brake, so he crashed into the car in front of him.
The two of them have a good heart, and many things don't need to be spoken.
I saw Chow Yun-fat in the subway today, he is really tall!
When a person is satisfied, he will be happy.
I am now working part-time for an import and export company.
The barbecued pork rice at this roast restaurant is very cost-effective, cheap and delicious.
I bought a new book and have to go home and pack it, if it doesn't rot soon.
The government will keep a record of the average annual income and expenditure of each household.
He suffered a work injury in the front row and stopped his hand for several months.
Running with a pig's mouth mask playing!
meet target
I was very Xi to the first few days of my return.
The U.S. dollar is used in many countries.
The Cabinet proposed to the monarch to dissolve the National Assembly and hold a general election.
Passengers heading to Luohu, please wait for the next train.
It's a race tomorrow and you're only going to move the wheel now?
Don't think I'm going to book a hotel for you.
The well-known Japanese manga artist only announced his retirement last year, and now he has a new work?
He saved my life and was my benefactor.
This case will be referred to you by our department.
With so much money in hand, you really don't have to worry when you're old!
You'll have to aim at a target before you can shoot.
This kid has come out to elect members of the Legislative Council?
If only you were willing to help.
This was the first time I met him.
He didn't do so well in the DSE exam, so please give him some advice and teach him how to rank the JUPAS points.
Several of his wives got into court because of the fight over family property.
The crew of Unit 4 of Japan's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, where a nuclear accident occurred, has taken away all the fuel from the fuel pool a few days ago.
Wishing you a smooth sailing and a happy journey!
It costs five more yuan to drink lemon music, which is too expensive.
I recently decided to switch careers to become a web designer.
As for who the mysterious guest is, I'll sell it first.
This TV station always shoots a paper son, so there is no drama before and after.
It's up to you whether we can qualify or not!
This time you didn't meet the target, so keep trying.
He inadvertently confiscated his sister's second stall.
I designed a game for everyone to play.
This is a lot of livelihood stores.
Deposit money into this bank account.
Your eggs are scattered and blocked in the tree, bounce away!
It's not that all fountain pens are so expensive!
Why do you insist on going against him?
Because there are changes to a plan, the only way to do it is to postpone implementation.
Now it's three o'clock, let's go for afternoon tea first.
Military important places, please do not enter.
The birds may have evolved from dinosaurs.
We went on a trip on vacation and were stolen and the house was in a mess.
Eat more fruit, it's good for you!
Don't set a kettle on a table, there will be baking.
Wow, he actually failed to push it!
In the past, we used to go to Shenzhen by water
Milk is high in protein.
Kung Fu can strengthen the body.
took the poll made by Zhang himself, and hit the plane, thinking that he was really second.
He caressed his face gently.
The department store next door opened a warehouse and cleared the goods, and the minimum was cut to a discount.
Everything he says is false!
There weren't many customers today, so the youngest in the restaurant, Ah Ming, went to the corner pocket customer.
You always don't do your homework and are really lazy.
You've only been hot for three minutes, so it's hard not to be sure.
The country is rich and strong, and the living standards of the people are high.
Jam stuff is jerk behavior.
In the past, when I was a child, the pencil case must have only had a mechanism and a mechanism, and it was very powerful to take it to school!
In case his company goes bankrupt, how can he recover the amount he misses you?
You don't have to eat so fiercely!
He was touched by a lewd guy in the subway.
I admired his willingness to risk his life to save lives.
All of these stores are closed, just like the dead city.
He has a very good brand, and some people once played cards and ate cheating, but he is still very patient.
Look at the game with a normal mind, so as not to suffer from gains and losses, which will affect the results.
In recent years, the study room has been nicknamed "Academic Lan Guifang".
My radio is broken and chirps easily.
When I look at what people do, I think it's a handboard, and it must be easy to learn and difficult to master.
The Golden State Warriors will not play as soon as they change formations.
Some villages on the outlying islands do not have piped water.
The company had financial problems and needed to be wound up.
You can see what you don't want to take on the plane.
In other words, you have to work harder.
You don't want to be a group of friends anymore!
The wool comes out of the sheep, and there is no free lunch in the world.
He actually sold the company's assets behind the boss's back, and he was still eating a bowl of noodles and the bottom of the bowl?
Hung Ming lanterns are not allowed near the airport.
Many people don't like to set up a table when eating, just because they don't want to face to face with strangers, as if your eyes are looking at my eyes.
I want to buy these six horses in a big circle, how much does it cost?
It's not up to me to promote this thing.
His comic drawing skills and story skills are great, and many people follow him.
Don't let me blow up your bad stuff this time?
He should make full use of his talents to serve the community.
Now I don't want to blame you, why are you so irritable?
If you keep working on the schedule, the publication of this dictionary is just around the corner!
The Taoist temple prepared sacrifices such as three sacrifices and five ceremonies to worship the Jade Emperor.
Boss, aren't the oranges pretty today?
He fell in love with his daughter's classmates next to him, but he didn't dare to say anything.
His grades were at the top of his class.
How can you manage so much?
Don't support blindly, analyze the problem rationally.
Remember to stay healthy so you can stay away from critical illnesses.
His methods are too rigid to hang ...
You're just a bad thing, why are you wearing this dress so sexy today?
These messages are pure rumors.
He's slower than anyone else, he's a lard bag!
Together, order the head and tail of the cabbage, pack it and take it away.
I'm going to call the phone stand with a twenty-fold first.
There are two guys in the next group who have been injured and are now not enough to use and want to seconded you.
The professor is erudite and talented, and his conversation highlights his bookish nature.
The oppression of small businesses by large business groups is becoming more and more serious.
Nursing homes hold regular activities to meet the social and recreational needs of residents.
The end is a tough battle, and this one must be retained.
Enlightened people are harmonious and different, accommodating different opinions.
This year, the mooncakes are unsalable, and the cake family only has a big sale.
China has a one-child policy, so most families have only children.
Recently, it has been hot and cold, and it is easy to feel it if you are not careful.
Do you like to eat stinky tofu racks?
The bike bent down when it turned.
It's really funny for Xing Ye to shoot some films!
Chinese can be written straight or horizontally.
The lyrics of this song are interesting.
This piece of waste won't do anything! Why not fire him?
To maintain a good car, it is necessary to check the five oils and three waters regularly.
The firefighting equipment is shrunk in a disorderly manner, and I am afraid that people will be killed sooner or later.
Let's talk about buying a car.
This metaphor could not be more apt.
Pay attention to interpersonal relationships when doing things in society.
Every time a woman talks to his boyfriend, he gets jealous.
These puppies really need a place to keep them warm and welcoming.
Every summer vacation, the company has a class of tobacco sausages.
More than 300 people were killed or injured in the shipwreck in which the cruise ship hit the iceberg.
Oh, you crossed the line, I'm going to tell the teacher to know.
These young people are doing things outrageously!
Find two meals, no need to look for life.
Economic and trade co-operation between Hong Kong and China will become more frequent.
His whole body muscles, manly lights!
The top 10 housing estates recorded only 10 transactions this week.
Do you have the qualifications to do a show?
It takes a year for these seedlings to bear fruit.
It's hard to feel hidden.
This secret has been buried in his heart for many years.
He was under house arrest and could not go beyond the walls.
I'm stuck, and I can't get out!
My son's kindergarten had an outbreak of hand, foot and mouth disease and classes were suspended.
There are four types of playing cards: spades, hearts, clubs, and bricks.
Since the train in front of us has not yet departed, please forgive me for the slight delay in this train.
That boy is really rare, he married a woman and helped him raise a cheap child.
Applejack vows to become the general manager of the company within three years.
I'm optimistic about you, with your heart!
He's just a dark star, no one understands.
It's just a word written about the black level horse, and it's windy, how do you see it?
My client will not respond to the allegations of misrepresentation.
Only with unobstructed channels can rainwater be effectively channeled.
Although he was interviewed under a pseudonym, I knew it was him as soon as I heard it.
Why don't we go to BBQ!
Under the epidemic, the property market is still breaking the top.
Traveling to Japan? I'll go if you invite me.
Mom still has to spend a little more time taking care of her sister, so she doesn't have to be jealous.
He had no to pull and unpacked the food at home.
After he got divorced, he gave up on himself and always smoked and drank.
His experience can only be used as a reference.
The soldier was captured by the enemy. In order not to leak information, he was killed by the enemy in generosity.
Don't miss anything when you check out.
He's already said something for me to hear.
I hate the cold, but I hate freezing even more.
Growing up to pick up back to my piano playing skills.
I read account.
He has any disputes with people.
Dress modestly for the interview.
Your mother also scolded you out of kindness.
They draw lots to decide who goes first.
in x quadratic equals x triple over three.
His reply dispelled my doubts.
The boss signed his name on the blue paper of the Hong Kong Wen version.
Dressed so nicely today, go drink?
Today, the famous designer Lan Yu uploaded a sketch of a wedding dress designed by herself on Weibo.
The host drew my name.
The magazine apologized to the public for the erroneous report.
Don't make up segments. It's so ironic.
The plot of the movie is twists and turns, and you won't know what really happened if you don't see the ending.
Running is a convenient exercise that can be done anywhere.
My tall girl plays volleyball very well.
I have to go back to church every Sunday.
You always talk with your teeth, when did you learn to be humble?
All candidates have a high degree of academic qualifications.
Are you tired of not being bored at home for a whole month?
The boss of his company was very superstitious and deliberately hired a feng shui master to help him look at feng shui in the new office.
Passed by the pharmacy and helped me buy a bag of M towels.
During the Vietnam War, the U.S. military entered a lot of mines in Vietnam.
Can you get me a plier in the toolbox?
Every song in this concert has guests, which is quite a friend.
Han always boasted that he was popular, but in fact everyone didn't like him.
The symptoms of the disease are constantly changing.
Your wife is so angry now, you can't really kneel on the glass this time.
Doraemon's treasure bag has a lot of magic weapons inside.
Strictly speaking, only two of the octopus's eight tentacles are used for walking.
The taxi braked in time and hit the column.
Is it powerful to be a brother? Tell him to let the horse come!
His business failed and went bankrupt, and he didn't have any food.
Of the two jackpot bets, each bet loses more than 8 million.
He was very clever at chess and ate a few of my pieces at the beginning.
Isn't the sister on stage cute enough?
The composite consumer price index has continued to decline this year.
You need to make good use of your time to warm up your Xi and prepare for the exam.
Grandma bent down for no reason, did she have a stroke?
The school team broke records this year, and both the men's and women's basketball teams won cards.
Wearing a condom during sexual intercourse with other people can reduce the risk of HIV infection.
In the third round, the red group finally lost.
He couldn't sit upright in his chair and fell to the ground.
He smashes this time really fast and accurately.
When I said that foreign language just now, I hope you don't mind.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, many small countries declared their independence.
The coat was dirty and was going to float off him.
He was a pioneer in advocating national reform.
This drug is very effective in the treatment of cancer.
The chairman of the party passed away during his term of office, and the seat became vacant.
These days, there has been a foul smell from the next-door neighbor.
My dream is to go to space on a rocket!
Last night, I slapped a friend hard.
I'm sorry, I'll talk about it another day.
It's really scary that he sings out of tune.
Young people should say and always vote by themselves.
The whole bus almost reversed, and it was good luck to die and be resurrected.
This footballer is injured and goes into battle, which is admirable.
Violating the privacy of others is an act of immorality.
I didn't want to work hard before, but don't do it now.
I didn't write a GPA in my CV, so I didn't bother to be asked.
Cheng's house was burned to the ground.
The professor is full of peach and plum all over the world, and a group of students have come back from all over the world to congratulate him on his birthday.
Our class has been doing well lately.
The traffic at the site is very congested, and the traffic is 10 kilometers long.
It's a story I've heard familiar to me.
He took advantage of my uneasiness, and scolded in my ear in fright, so frightened that my whole body bounced.
The environment surrounding this edifice is complex.
He was born at the grassroots level and relied on his own efforts to open a company.
No matter what you do, you can get off work only after you hand in the manuscript with me!
Bad stomach and bad breath are very easy.
He won't stop until he achieves his goal.
Terrorists plotted to assassinate the president.
He cares about his patients endlessly.
I can't even afford a building, how can I buy more than one unfinished apartment?
You are a few bad things, you are not allowed to watch TV without doing your homework!
We do not guarantee that prices will not change.
Do you have a sore throat? Tell you to fly downstairs and fly two packs of olives on the plane!
Police appealed to those who witnessed the accident to contact the nearest police station.
The village point torii seems to be the same for everyone.
He has done a lot of hurtful things, and now the whole world is against him.
I've never seen so much money in my life.
The winning team will receive prizes worth 500,000 yuan.
Take the money now, and fill it in later, no one should find out.
He's got bad breath, and he doesn't have anything good when he talks about it!
It is my job to satisfy our customers.
There was a DJ who violated the rules some time ago and turned on the microphone after a while.
Don't be lazy if you don't understand, I didn't expect to install four!
If you must go out, avoid prolonged exposure to cold winds.
It's easy another day.
A Whatsapp rumor has caused a queue to buy toilet paper in supermarkets.
Anthropologists often observe and participate in the field;
This is a challenge that democracies have to take seriously.
I did my best to save every patient, so I could have peace of mind at all times.
The evidence of his crime is in my hands.
At that time in the Qing Dynasty, many schools in Hong Kong did not teach English, and the only way to learn English was to take a book and learn pidgin English.
Excuse me, but where's Room 303?
The boy sitting next to me showed me love yesterday.
There is no other place like home.
"Jesus" is his physical name, and "Christ" is his honorific title.
Some security guards in City One Sha Tin lock their cars at the fastest speed on the planet.
He has such a bad temper, who can withstand him?
He already had a severe left eye exotropia, and the left side of his eye was almost gone.
He usually eats cream pig for afternoon tea.
In my opinion, Lee Kee will definitely lose tonight!
I loved playing badminton when I was a kid.
Buying travel insurance can help you avoid unexpected losses.
Don't suppress your feelings.
He's just a yellow-haired girl, so there's no need to be so fierce.
Do you know Cantonese typing?
These pants seem to be a little shorter.
His jewelry was well received by the public.
You're not as nice as him.
The front row was replaced with a 24-inch mon, which is much more comfortable to watch.
How can you cut meat with such a dull knife?
It's not that the movie itself is good-looking, but his actors are very attractive.
It's a lot of quilts, it's windy.
I killed your brother, you messed with me, you can't trouble my wife and children, don't mess with my family.
I am originally from Zhongshan County, Guangdong Province.
It's hard for him to be the head of the family by himself!
Let's split up: you go buy gifts, and we'll get the birthday cake.
You say that just to comfort me.
He was flown by his boyfriend, and now he's very unhappy.
His adultery with his secretary can't be hidden from his wife.
You're in school now, don't fall in love.
These goods came to Hong Kong by sea.
The orange went under a chair.
Dealing with so many altars at the same time, you are really not good alone?
The school implements small group teaching and teaches students according to their aptitude, which increases students' interest in learning Xi.
Once we climb the mountain, we will see a beautiful sunset!
I just finished packing up my CV and handed it in.
I'll look at the scene I wrote in my retrospective afterwards, which is related to the main story, plus it should be less than 40 minutes.
I don't quite understand what this sentence says.
If the scissors are blunt, I can sharpen them with a sharpening stick.
He wanted to start his own business.
I've been doing it all month, and I'm relieved to finally finish a plan!
The song made the charts this week.
He described a story vividly.
Most of the students joined the society after graduation and became working people.
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect was officially launched in 2016.
Pork cannot be eaten raw, there are a lot of parasites in it.
You don't want to buy it for so long, and now you want to buy it and it sells out, so it's really "down the pen and three watches", and you can't make a decision immediately.
His speech was inconsistent and flawed.
When I was in elementary school, my teacher always gave away stationery sets.
The shoes are not too big and not too small, and they are just right to wear.
I eat things that are too oily, maybe too sweet, and I get sick to my stomach.
Why do you husband have these yellow panties and swarthy underwear?
The government decided to exploit natural resources.
Wearing shoes without socks is outdated and disgusting.
Domestic violence will not be tolerated.
I have always been very fair in my dealings and will not take sides in anyone.
There is a gazebo on the top of the mountain for hikers to rest.
With hearing aids, you can hear clearly.
Nowadays, fewer and fewer people use passbook racks, and many people will go directly to the Internet to check their account records.
When everyone does not respect the law, the collapse of the entire legal system ensues.
Some people think that it is a blessing to have children in old age, while others feel that they may not have enough energy to raise children at such an old age.
Happiness is not a given, and we should be grateful for what we have.
You're so ugly dressed today.
The insecticidal water is poisonous, be careful when spraying, and remember to wash your hands after spraying.
It's not easy to see life so clearly at a young age.
We don't put wine when we get married, and everything is simple at wedding.
Tonight's Cantonese opera repertoire is The White Rabbit Society.
That singer has put a very magnetic voice up.
These bars are noisy and I don't like them very much.
Rather die than live silently.
I run ten kilo marathons.
It's just a kiss, nothing else.
I like to eat noodles more than rice.
The doctor said I had 10 years to live.
Dad wasn't at home, so it goes without saying that he must have gone down to buy cigarettes.
There may be a lot more to do in your life, but the world of furry children is just you.
This friendly money-greedy man was previously caught stealing company money.
In order to apologize to the company, I am willing to resign.
Dad survived the car accident and saved his life.
Auntie, don't touch anything if you don't buy it!
Do you know the word string?
This bag is the most trendy of the season.
He killed his mother as soon as he was born.
He couldn't help but weep bitterly, immersed in pain.
Korean ginseng chicken soup is famous.
You've got a pencil with me.
There were a lot of shipbreaking workers on the other side of the dock.
Public power should be constrained.
I just bumped into my Shangzhuang, and it turned out that he had graduated and was working at the university.
The new Hong Kong International Airport at Chek Lap Kok was officially opened in 1998.
Be kind and don't just read gossip magazines all day long, there is no connotation!
If you go for a ride now, a little time will be very stressful.
After chemotherapy, the tumor shrunk significantly.
The desktop is very beautiful, where did you buy it?
The president is actively forming a cabinet and recently announced some candidates.
He is the younger sister of Zhusheng and does not speak Cantonese.
My mom insisted on sweeping and mopping the floor every day.
Meat is rich in protein.
Even though I don't have any money, I'll help you too.
When the game went to extra time, a striker broke through layers of heavy defense and rushed into the penalty area, which was really a crucial moment.
Rickshaws are a form of transportation that was only used before.
He was grounded by his family again, and he didn't go out on the street to play.
Because he was late in submitting his homework, he was punished by the teacher for copying the text ten times.
The minimum wage under Hong Kong law was initially only $28 per hour.
When a friend comes to Hong Kong, the only thing he wants to eat is wonton noodles.
I love to do this stack of paper.
Due to the volcanic eruption, some international flights were rerouted to another airport.
Something so unpleasant happened, everybody was shorny, I know.
Where's it? You're just dazzled.
He even killed his own father, and he had no sex.
I waited until this morning to get a notification.
In order to repay the favor, he bought a house and gave it to him.
Please, a piece of char siu!
You are so good at writing, have you ever considered becoming a writer?
A complimentary hot drink can be added to the meal.
The police will not be merciful in fighting crime.
Remember to make a mistake before dropping the trash.
Why are you so good? Always complaining that this doesn't work, that it doesn't look good.
After reading IT, you don't necessarily have to be an IT dog.
That general's record is brilliant.
Bill Gates and Warren Buffett always play bridge together.
The Democratic Party launched an online petition calling for the President of the Legislative Council to step down.
I admire his selflessness
He had a relationship with a second woman.
It's obvious that the boss did something wrong, why should you count me?
Soak the ingredients in water and cook for 10 minutes before eating.
Let's go, if you don't go, you won't have a car.
I am the judge of this competition.
This set is an action movie, and there are a lot of amazing stunts.
Don't talk to strangers and beware of bad guys.
Some extremist groups have admitted to carrying out the terrorist attack.
The authorities cremated the body within eight days, and the family was unable to trace the cause of death.
He readily agreed.
It's been a ridiculously hot day these days.
Do you smell something unusual?
He connected a couple of people and shot the ball.
I thought he wasn't married, but I didn't know that he even had a child?
You're always cutting in line and have no morality.
You're mispronouncing this word.
He pretended to be a dragon on last night's show.
At that time, we would fold some paper ingots to burn.
When the dog saw us, he was so happy to wag his tail here.
The Government set up a special committee on this issue last year.
Just because I don't say anything doesn't mean you can when I didn't arrive.
We never expected him to do that.
The texture of these shoes is rougher, so it will be more comfortable to wear in summer.
This time the government is a bastard, and the low-rent houses all around are tested for lead water.
Have you seen anything sweet and beautiful lately?
It's a rare opportunity, and you'd better decide quickly and don't hesitate.
He's always his boss, don't get promoted fast!
If I ask you, when will you be able to go to work?
The store sells pillows, sheets, bedding, and the like.
After retirement, it is better to live in a place with a low living index.
Do you want to say that? I know my own business......
We went fishing in the New Territories, how did we know that it was raining heavily, and there was no interest in anything!
Long live the boss tonight, why don't you get up?
Don't steal other people's photos to make icons, use your own photos.
You won't have anything to eat until nine o'clock, and the mosquitoes will sleep!
The suspect confessed everything to his loved ones.
My younger brother was third from the bottom of the class this time.
If you apologize, you won't forgive him!
I want to lose a beer belly, what's the solution?
Why don't you listen to the instructions? Say! Are you a ghost?
Different values can coexist in the same society.
The theme of the exhibition is environmental protection.
Colds are usually caused by viruses, and antibiotics are useless.
The donation will buy medicines for the victims.
He greedily parked his car at the entrance of the hospital, and now he only ate beef jerky to count his luck.
Papaya is cold, and you still don't eat so much.
Open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Spanish Evans pork with wild mushroom angel face
He read the book again.
Many parents go through the back door in order to get these children into prestigious schools.
Their business has expanded dramatically. On the contrary, ours has lost a lot of money.
The unemployment rate is expected to rise.
My family's finances were in trouble, so I was temporarily suspended.
We can't rule it out.
Walking a little bit is hard work, you are so tired.
Don't let that gossip get in the way.
Your shirt strip collar folded in.
His film is so bad, it's really not qualified for Best Actor.
The article is very unorganized, and the reader has no way of grasping his context.
A little parallel goods go a day, and a few waters a day are enough to be skinned.
The owner of this house has decided not to rent it to you anymore.
His favorite actor is Aoi Miyazaki.
The patient is now living in Ward B7.
The latest newly confirmed cases are headless public cases with unknown sources.
No, let's see if I've run out of things for you.
When I was a kid, I loved playing game consoles the most.
Firefighters rushed into the fire to save people.
It's obviously the author's own clerical error, and the boss insists on saying that it is a mistake.
Addiction to playing electric can also be like taking drugs and can't stop addiction!
I'm so timid that I don't even dare to play the roller coaster.
A bad girl bag only knows how to go wet.
My brother often buys me things.
Many times, the road festival will sprinkle paper money and use it to buy off the lonely ghosts at the scene, hoping that they will not cause trouble.
Save money and finally buy it in the bag!
It's been cold these days, remember to sleep with a lot of quilts!
I'm best at calculations.
They have so much leverage in their hands that it may not be so easy to negotiate to win back our interests.
The international student was cheated of money, and hundreds of thousands of dollars were lost.
The acquisition of this company was nothing more than a smokescreen for him.
I admire my friend very much.
Call machines are now relics.
No smoking in public places and workplaces
You must be at least eighteen years old to vote.
He stared at the heavens, thoughtful.
When a country is in turmoil, it will cause many local people to be ruined and their wives separated.
The aim of promoting fair trade is to hope that farmers will no longer be exploited.
Parallel goods are cheaper, but they are not maintained, and they don't know where to take them when they are broken.
The number of unemployed accounts for 7 per cent of the working population.
Most of the famous anime will have a lot of second-generation pictures
In 2014, nearly 300,000 people in Hong Kong were receiving CSSA.
Is this the intention to deliver the goods with two knives?
I only have a big scratch on the case, and I have to take it to the repair center for polishing.
That scoundrel just tried to tease me.
They tried for five years and did not have children, and finally went to the doctor for examination, and the prophet turned out to have a wife who was infertile.
It's rolling, I'm rolling!
The steel bars of this building are fully exposed.
Learn how to do it yourself! Don't keep bothering people.
Can cancer spread from person to person?
You've done so many bad things, you're careful and there will be retribution!
How many beef jerky words did you fine last year? Hey, that's it.
He can only eat some liquid food now.
In some ways to play, the big ghost is bigger than the small ghost.
Grandma can only live on cardboard.
It's easy to book a hotel online now.
Why do you want to sit in the flower hall?
Can you turn on a large air conditioner?
He got serious about studying, and his grades could be very good.
Teachers are prohibited from corporal punishment of students in schools.
You're also insane, of course you're beating!
Blue clothes don't look good in them.
There is another famous line in Hamlet: "Yes, yes, no, I have to think deeply." What do you think of that?
There is maintenance to buy electrical appliances here, and you can sign a card.
You pat your ass and want to leave? It's not that simple!
The sea view in Latvia is beautiful.
How do you eat this cake?
Plan Teacher is on a public holiday, you may suffer a loss or even have an accident!
He was going to study abroad, but he was reluctant to be separated from his family.
He was transferred and did not work in this department.
After my father died, my eldest brother became the head of the family.
He was always pestering his parents.
A guest came to the company for no reason, and the boss was in a meeting again, so you should resist it first!
The younger brother came home in the middle of the night.
I don't understand why he didn't look for a job after graduation and spent all day doing nothing.
I once answered his phone a little late, and that night he had already been questioned by the prisoner.
The plane sent out a distress signal and then disappeared.
After the factory moved north, the manufacturing industry began to decline.
He is the publisher of countless books.
This actor is really good, and he plays the role of this father very sincerely.
I think the answer to this question is A.
I advise you to make less trouble.
He started his family from scratch, and he has been in this industry for 20 years, and now he is a leader in the industry.
Today is a festival, and the streets are crowded.
He was so angry that he slapped him in the face.
Oh my God, can you help me!
The bathroom must be opened to open the air window to open the wind!
His girlfriend said he was going to break up, but he didn't say anything at all.
This school has a thousand students.
I can only play those three laps tonight, it's not skinny enough!
I heard that the next generation of many overseas Chinese does not speak Tang dialect.
It's hard to play the oboe, and it's easy to get out of tune.
He lied for a reason.
Don't be happy for me so quickly, this paper is not 1,000 yuan in ten strokes, and I don't know if it will be published in an academic journal.
On Monday, we had to go to work again, and everyone was very unhappy.
He swam to the strength of the tendon.
The stronger the crosswind, the greater the potential risk to aircraft take-off.
I left a purse in the minibus.
He is a hypocritical man who always pretends to be noble.
I am not in a position to make any comments.
Last night he drank the baby prisoner, and then broke the piece.
If you do the math, you know that you don't have to make money.
Every time I go on stage to speak, I have to prepare a CUE card.
This shop is a neighborhood business.
He came to take care of the children full-time.
The air in the factory area is relatively poor.
Inaccurate pronunciation is a common problem among students.
Over the years, they have regretted breaking up on impulse, and they still miss each other very much, so they want to eat back grass.
I've been very unlucky lately, and I'm walking down, so don't invest in it.
The letter is written in a formal style.
Well, put on a helmet first, in fact, I haven't read Wittgenstein's theory above. Don't scold me if you're wrong.
Paparazzi sometimes go to great lengths to get a picture.
He's a very tired person, he does his own thing, and he doesn't like to follow the team.
Phew, I've never been afraid of such a trivial matter!
In the aftermath of the earthquake, everyone sympathized with the families of the dead and injured in the class.
It seems that the aunt is very likey to me.
I got a hockey license plate, and now I can touch both hockey and automaton.
It's a discount, but in fact, the final price is about the same as the regular price.
A customer service officer answered my questions and my phone was fine.
He won't back down for anyone. Of course, his family has another plan.
I have a wish, that is, everyone has three meals of food and clothing.
If you want to enjoy your old age in peace, you must do more good deeds and accumulate virtues.
It's not interesting to warm up around the stove on the Internet like this, and it sounds like it's just your own thoughts.
You don't want to drill here alone, just tell others what you have.
Don't talk like that, I've got a score!
I feel like he's a very cultured person
Don't touch things with so many hands, you have to pay for breaking it.
Always think about the consequences before you do something.
If you want anything you want, just tell me directly, don't be shy.
In the eyes of his lover, his wife will always be a great beauty in his mind, and she has not changed for decades.
If you ask someone with a record of stealing to collect the money, you're just luring the wolf into the house.
It's so stuffy today, and it will rain heavily tomorrow.
He reassured his employees and promised that there would be no layoffs this year.
I didn't do it, I'm still selling confessions, don't worry.
The place lacks natural resources.
The owner praised me for my high work efficiency.
Now that the police are calling you out, you should go abroad to avoid the limelight!
I'm not scolding you, it's just you taking your own seat.
The Prime Ministers of the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals hold an autumn festival every year at Man Mo Temple in Sheung Wan.
He slept in the hospital for two days and was already able to walk, and he was getting better quickly.
Many students only memorize books without trying to understand them, and forget what they have learned after the exam.
He entered the government as Engine, and now he is teasing 70,000 a month.
This case is full of doubts, and it cannot be solved in a moment.
My computer has been hacked, what should I do?
A domestic violence has caused a rift between husband and wife.
This job is very difficult, and it does not stop all the time.
His life was full of twists and turns.
Hey, there are so many people around, can you turn around and be careful?
I'm going to catch a bus to school at two o'clock, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Is sake better or double steamed, do you think?
For a pair of watches, it's now 8:13.
Before you move to a foreign country, we'll have a meal with you.
There is no room for error this time, and we must do our best to do his best.
The minibus went completely out of control and crashed into the gas station.
The ticket network has crashed again, so how can I buy a ticket?
Some apples fell from the tree.
There was a traffic accident on Lung Cheung Road, and vehicles passing by had to slow down.
Constant urging will only make the mood worse.
The actor's performance was professional.
Look at your panda eyes, and hit the electric again last night.
Where is the street station that has the most contact with the neighbors?
On the basis that the benefit of the doubt was attributed to the defendant, the judge acquitted the defendant.
It's cloudy, so it's good to cover yourself.
After the 911 incident, many people brought flowers to pay tribute to some of the victims.
Our company has been dominating the insurance industry since its inception.
Recently, many people have changed their rainbow flag avatars on Facebook, and I haven't changed my avatar for a long time.
I met a Taiwanese girl at a bar yesterday.
I want a forked chicken rice to go colored, thank you!
This is a typical mountainous terrain with cliffs and valleys.
He thinks that there are too many people smoking in this restaurant, so he rarely comes here to drink tea.
My son has eaten a lot today.
He always peeks at people's letters, intending to catch other people's sore feet.
The Township Covenant Organization was the precursor to some Township Committees or Neighborhood Associations.
He has been reinstated following an internal investigation.
The retired chairman suddenly appeared at the meeting, scaring many employees.
Don't listen to how the guy is red and green, ask the doctor!
This time we are in the lower position, and we have suffered from him in the field.
As a user of this brand, I think their after-sales service is very bad.
Stretching can improve the ductility and elasticity of muscles.
Did you watch the lunar eclipse last night? I heard that it is a total lunar eclipse, and the moon will turn red when it is bright.
You've been practicing the piano for so long, why don't you go out for a walk?
Those in power act arbitrarily and independently, stirring up public anger.
The dress is made of 100% cotton.
"Moonlight" is a well-known nursery rhyme.
A breakwater is a structure planted above the sea.
Remember, don't be a bad person when you grow up.
His hair is cut to the ground!
The Government clearly does not accept this plan.
Turning around and flattering the Communists, he has to borrow friends more than Qiao Biaozhong, and he is serious and disgusting.
Who is the Super in your report?
You sent something to eat like this, did you want to fat me?
Most of the children started reading at the age of three.
The daughter captain is very fairy!
This pillow is soft and comfortable to sleep on.
That person was actually the magician's matchmaker, and it was clipped in the morning.
Today all the shops are closed, and you can't buy any spring.
I hope there will be no natural disasters this year.
Real Madrid bought C Lang for a billion.
It's time to hit the snake cake, so let's do it again the next day.
Rainfall will increase tonight, so residents in low-lying areas should be careful.
I met him on a trip to Japan.
Go to an internet café after school and play LOL.
He did things so that he broke off his six relatives, and he couldn't have a meal with his family for a month.
Smeared these typos on him with correction fluid!
Friends, this thing, it's all in plain sight.
He's such a jack of the.
Having a child in old age can be regarded as a consolation.
The computer is broken, harddisk.
The pavement is too narrow and uncomfortable to sit on.
Don't put the card with these keys, it will demagnetize.
The law and order in this area has always been very good.
The trip cost $30,000.
I'm doing repairs in that building.
He was stabbed by a thief, bleeding profusely, and it was very likely that he would not survive.
If I save enough money, I'll upgrade my computer.
If you don't quarrel with him, won't he quarrel with you?
My mother repeatedly told us to study hard.
Is there any mystery in the high-level decision to announce the personnel transfer today?
I finally got the size of a cat.
Unfortunately, I haven't had any thoughts on my paper until now.
At that time, it was just an unintentional willow insertion, but I didn't expect rave reviews.
They have reached the point where they are talking about marriage.
You don't want to see you more than I do!
In the face of difficulties, he still maintains a calm mind.
The scenery is still the same, and the mood is no longer the same.
Isn't it? There's a knife in the mailbox?
No cheer-la-la beating, you're nervous too!
If he had listened to me, this problem would not have arisen.
Today the sun is shining, and it is the best place to go hiking.
You email it, yes?
The new costume drama is full of strength and collapse, which makes netizens laugh wildly.
It's nerve-wracking to have to look at the city all day long.
Phonology is a compulsory subject for students in the Department of Chinese.
You two sisters and brothers come to win, you have to love each other, you can't fight, do you know?
The bird standing on the power line will not be electrocuted.
The truth has sunk into the sea with his death.
Are you just saying it's useless, you have to do it.
He saved your life, and you tried to kill him, you are really an ungrateful person.
This piece of furniture is beautiful and functional.
You dead idiot, you?
That typhoon is coming, and he is still on the street, I really don't know how to write a dead word!
Many countries now encourage students to learn a second language.
The exhibition will be open for 10 consecutive days.
He sang and sang to the top of the seven emotions.
We opened two more shops to expand our business.
That's it? It's easy to borrow fire.
He took a fancy to the watch being too expensive, so he had to settle for the second one and buy the second one.
I don't like fancy clothes, I just wear plain clothes.
When I was a kid, I could buy a candy for a millimeter.
You take it, I'll let it go.
Armin is notoriously a big talker, and Ami is so dull that even he believes it.
His relationship with his parents broke down and he hadn't said anything for ten years.
Colleagues in the company know that you put this backup key to the LEGO car on the countertop, aren't you afraid of being blown up?
I walked past him without looking at me, how could he like me?
There are three tables of guests waiting to place their orders.
You died like this today, and you didn't sleep well last night?
My grandfather was very stubborn and refused to listen to people.
It turns out that he is here to fan the flames, no wonder I have so many rights and wrongs!
After eating spicy food yesterday, my eye hurts.
I donated 1 million in my grandfather's name to this university.
We usually have dinner and watch TV at the same time.
There is a large school crest in the school's auditorium.
Although they are not religious, they go to church schools, so they know a little bit of the Bible.
The impression of the devil's erudition and eloquence comes to life.
You take a rubber band and wrap it around the roll of paper, so he won't fall apart.
He's very smart and quick to get started.
This thing has caused the boss to lose his prestige, and he is indeed wet this time.
He got sick dozens of times a year...
I'm tired of eating, and I'm not feeling well.
The car was cut abruptly, and both lines were stopped.
This Sunday there is a percussion performance at the school.
We should draw conclusions from the facts.
Put some money in the bank? No, I don't know if someone will ask for a water dragon.
The teacher said I did a good job and sent me a sticker!
As long as we maintain the mentality of learning from the past, we can continue to make progress
The goods will not be returned or exchanged.
Knowing how to live in the world is very helpful to your career.
We would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to all of you for your generosity.
This wallpaper is a solid color, and it seems that it is easy to deceive.
This thing is so unusual, you have to be wary.
Generally speaking, the business card OK place should have a license or license.
My family has a whole class of Saidou Cave to raise, and I have to get through it!
The transformer is smoking, hurry up and shut down!
I have some concerns about this plan.
It's so hard to tame a wild horse.
They couldn't help but cry when they heard the news.
I couldn't hear the alarm clock all day, and I couldn't get up.
We decided to hurry up and immigrate so that we wouldn't stay here and dream too much.
I will never forget that you helped me!
This video game show has bigger payouts in addition to prizes.
Buy a tulip for your girlfriend!
The palatial palace is nothing more than a search for the people's fat and people's ointment.
Mom's whole dumplings are so delicious!
A series of experiments have confirmed that this medicine has an aphrodisiac effect on dogs.
Remember to take some personal belongings.
Last night our whole class of friends went to the woods to play and test their courage, and Armin pretended to be a ghost and scared Matsuse to pee.
He also had two younger brothers.
Stay an extra hour and I'll be gone.
Mirages are most common in the desert.
Many scammers miss his sign, claiming to be his student and consuming his name.
The relationship between people, if you are in harmony, you will come, and if you are not in agreement, you will go, and there is no need to force it.
Fewer than 3,000 babies were born last year.
obviously practiced for a long time, but in the end, his performance was greatly reduced.
The board that got wet with water is already damaged, don't use it anymore!
These goods were robbed, and this time the real blood was lost.
Ban Xingjia is still trying to find out what is the bottom of this new online media.
If you don't rest enough, germs can easily invade your body.
Snakeskin bags are such that they cost tens of thousands of dollars?
It's getting warmer today, and I don't have any clothes.
This cake shop has been in business for almost thirty years and is a veritable old sign.
You take it in the street, you don't need money.
I'm going to have to stand on a stool to put a box high enough on top of the closet.
If my parents had cancer, I would have cured them even if I had exhausted my wealth.
The beauty is pink and scarlet, with a slight smile on her face.
I took 18 credits this semester.
The result of the pregnancy test was wrong, and this time it was a misunderstanding.
Success is the fruit of hard work.
These soap operas are fried all day long, and the same bridge will be a new drama for the next team!
We have steamed pork with plum cabbage tonight.
Through examples, the teacher explains the use of this word.
Different colors of recycling bins love to collect different materials.
According to the sources, there will be slight volatility in the stock market.
Will it enter the door with a different packaging?
He was mobbed in an alley.
This job is so good, I will cook for me.
The room is guarded by adults for so long, and of course it stinks if it doesn't open the door.
I said it early in the morning, you listen!
The government is rather short-sighted and ignores the problem behind the distribution of $6,000.
It's really old to let my relatives bump into me eating alone at Yoshino's house.
Spring is early and foggy a lot of the time.
This gift child, a little meaning, should be I repay you.
"That person looks at everything, as if it's obsessive-compulsive disorder!" "Maybe it's just obsessive-compulsive personality." 」
This year's harvest is pretty good!
The lawmakers stressed that they would vote against and would not fail at the last minute.
You don't need the secret recipe invented by your mother, how can you get delicious soy sauce chicken wings?
That girl is obsessed with you, why don't you hurry up?
I looked at each of the tables, item by item.
Wow, look at that woman over there, there is a front and a back.
I'll have tea with you tomorrow morning, okay?
How do I get my del photos back?
What he did was staggering.
TURN NICAM WHOSE BUTTON TO PRESS?
He was still celibate at the age of fifty.
Why are you spreading the whole point cloth here?
You say to a cam.
After our hard work, he finally agreed.
I can't finish the paper, and the last few MCs hit all the answers.
The Government ordered the deportation of all illegal immigrants.
The most important thing is to be confident, have backbone, and don't be judged what you do.
Nowadays, many criminal groups often use white gloves to help them launder money.
We're waiting at the hotel gate.
"Guangzhou" is another name for Guangzhou.
The singer was dressed in silver at the commemorative concert for the thirtieth anniversary of his debut.
You always have a pain like a foot, do you want to check your uric acid?
I received a tip saying that the stock was going up hard.
I can cook your feet tonight.
He's a hard man, and it's hard for you to convince him.
This egg tart is freshly baked, be careful of the spicy!
I just finished reading the book, why don't you take the test and I still remember?
Many people have fake marriages with Americans for the sake of green cards.
Individual owners may attend committee meetings.
There are five mascots in the Beijing Olympics.
He said that when he went to Japan for a meeting, he actually had a tryst with his mistress.
This light brown sofa is followed by a coffee table of the same color, which is beautiful and practical enough.
I've known him for more than ten years, and we're very good partners in business.
The police searched for a fugitive for more than ten years but still haven't found him.
He thought that her husband still loved him, but in fact he was cheating on himself.
Infected people will be quarantined for one week.
We will go to Wuxi Sha Youth New Village for camping.
The meters on the street are all broken, and it is clear that there is a yin gel!
You're really patriarchal!
When I was younger, I always played with my friends, and I also had a few leg hairs on this basketball court.
This suit has a dark color.
Making fun of people is childish.
Please stand crookedly, and take the master's house.
With so many of you coming out to catch him, it's easy to startle him.
With a typhoon approaching, Hong Kong was affected by unstable weather.
Suddenly, the thunder scared me all over the place.
This phone is the latest product to come in.
He would pace around when he was upset.
Where do you usually go after lunch?
Before the enemy came, they were in disarray.
We have a big puzzle ahead of us to solve.
His residence is in the city center.
Buying a house requires decoration, moving, and furniture, and a lot of miscellaneous expenses.
I listen to a lot of songs, pop and classical.
He waited for half a year, and finally got a job, and tonight is a little fat man.
Many people find ladybugs cute.
His past paper is neat.
Don't keep messing around at home.
Calm down, don't be so timid.
When he saw that the stock market was rising, the wind ran out and he bought a lot.
He was coming with a carrot, saying that he just loved me, and turned his eyes back to stare at the daughter next door.
I also have to work from Monday to Saturday.
It's not good-looking, he always laughs and rides, but in fact, he has a very dark belly.
This celebrity is beautiful and has a great body, and she is quite popular.
Kicked a stone, and suffered from neurosis.
I don't like this job so much, but when it's a bull ride and a horse, let's do it first.
You're a waste of firewood, and you're even afraid of cockroaches?
You jerk off so hard that of course it crashes.
It's safe here, so don't be afraid of the wind.
Anyone can participate in this event.
There are a lot of shops selling sneakers on this street.
Last night, a total of 40 people sought medical attention for injuries sustained by roasted meat.
Remind everyone that you can't eat or drink in the theater.
I walked around the school a few times before I found an entrance.
Everyone will always have some shortcomings, and there is no Prince Charming in this world!
My first job was admin.
He's late again! I'm angry right now!
The man is a woman-type whole.
He has a three-inch tongue, and he will win a quarrel.
The two of them are tall and short, and the difference is particularly obvious when compared.
These teas are too strong, so add some water to dilute them before drinking.
At the end of the month, there is no money, and I have to be canned again.
Can you wait for me to speak?
Player No. 3 was ejected with a red card for the ball card.
Hey, brother, you're just here for the pig stone, do you think you're the protagonist?
Children always think that there is a monster hidden in the wardrobe.
We have received your order and will follow up with you soon.
There are quite a few vendors in the tourist area.
Instead of talking about the problem of tram storage and waste, it is better to scrap a high-speed rail first.
There are many sewage treatment plants in Hong Kong.
When I was a child, my grandfather gave me money to teach books.
Police searched his residence for a large amount of drugs.
He was very angry, and he cursed without entering two sentences.
Recently, I have a lot of homework to hand in, and I have to work overtime every night.
His mood had calmed down a lot.
I don't look at this batch of second-hand goods one by one, in short, no matter whether it's good or bad, I even took the with you and accepted him, 20,000 yuan, is there a problem?
Just now, there was an uncle in the subway who was talking about it here.
My sister was hit by the Trojan horse yesterday.
This course covers a wide range of topics, from personal finance to cash management.
Don't take it here, don't sing.
Hey, don't mess around! Hey, he's a rope, and you'll be out of the way if you're not careful.
Mrs. Law planted dozens of flowers in the garden.
I don't know you anymore, what's your origin?
I am not a member of the party and have never voted for that party, but I support them this time.
Even if he was lame, he went to the parade in a wheelchair.
I went to the food stalls to eat and wore the neighborhood pretend.
My 30,000-word essay is finally done!
Convenor of the Non-Official Members of the Executive Council
Calculate how much money the company has made this month.
I was having dinner when you came to me.
Think tanks in Hong Kong still have limited influence on government decision-making.
The engine room of the erection ship caught fire, and the good luck was extinguished in time.
Obviously yesterday you said to invite me to eat tea, and now you are talking back, why are you so reckless.
My two-five-eight call for three votes is not enough for him to come.
These so-called famous paintings are all fakes, and none of them are worth collapsing.
It's time to deal with the unfinished work that has been accumulated on the side.
All of a sudden, where did I find so much money to lend you?
I swam thirty ponds today.
You should do your best to do your part.
"Are you from Hong Kong?" "Yes. 」
This music is so passionate that it's no wonder everyone stands up and claps after listening to it.
After Yang Sheng was promoted, he only knew how to make the wind and rain.
The quality of these masks is so poor, how can anyone buy them.
You want me to draw all the time, I don't even have a pen. Without felt and no fan, the gods are difficult to change!
For enquiries, please call the hotline.
There are several broken cars there blocking traffic here.
The scope of this legislation is wide-ranging.
The boss is looking for you, are you still so free to play teeth here?
The Landmark has direct access to Central Station.
Why do you need so many credit cards?
He and his colleagues in his class were always chatting, a lot of topics.
This is a shocking discovery!
Amin, what's the matter?
To Kwa Wan Ma Tau Wai Road dead man's building, unconsciously for a few years.
Since then, they have lived happily ever after.
Wild reishi has a high medicinal value, so it is expensive.
Every year, many international events are held in Hong Kong.
It's been a long time, but you haven't changed anything at all.
It's not good-looking to see him, he has a very good background.
Different events make it very festive.
We'll all go out for a walk in the evening.
Wait for me to show you how to use a camera.
Use an elbow to awl down.
Not everyone likes big guys.
Why are you in such a hurry? The bus hasn't arrived yet.
The curvy coastline is one of the features of Hong Kong's landscape.
My back hurts after playing!
The soup in this roasted belly shop is a little bit of pork bones, and the taste is lighter than the urine of my aunt.
I see a lot of misconceptions.
Because the content of the test paper was leaked, the test will be switched to backup questions.
I have a very happy family.
The volcano has erupted, go away!
Now that he has changed his mind, it doesn't make sense for me to keep him around.
You don't have to sing and harmonize here. Are you my three-year-old?
To assist the public, we are soliciting responses to the specific questions raised in the recommendations.
It's better to call him for tea.
He is widely regarded as the smartest chef in Hong Kong.
This man gave up his well-paid job to take care of the children.
He got angry with his girlfriend and is now in a tight pot on the phone.
Then let's walk this road for about seventy, and he flashed our high lights, thinking that I was slow to touch and hindered him.
It's so cold in Russia, be careful of catching a cold when traveling.
You're so kind to send me so many things.
He had spilled water just now, so now the bottle is half empty.
Although he is young, he is very steady.
Bloodstained clothing was found near the scene.
With 10,000 yuan, let me save the emergency first.
Ajuan is delicate and has a good temper.
He was walking down the street yesterday when his chest bent down in pain.
Antarctica is a world of ice and snow.
He heard sirens not far away, so he fled the scene without resting.
His dribbling skills can weaken any opponent. This is one of the big strengths of our team.
The manager is on sick leave and his duties will be replaced by the assistant manager for the time being.
He's a quiet man, so he doesn't have many friends.
The expenses for a family of four are significant.
Today is very windy and rough, and it is not suitable to go to sea.
The word "ten" is a horizontal followed all the way.
You forgot to give me the money.
Buses are not trucks, and things that are too big are not up for them.
To do a literary analysis, be sure to cite the original text.
It didn't take long for his right foot to recover, but he soon injured it again, and he had to close it early.
Whatever, it's good to die, just take the diploma exam casually!
He was very irritable, and he had another argument last night.
Don't just miss reading, you have to take care of other things.
Your class doesn't have any discipline, how do you do it?
In the park, I saw a little couple playing eggplant here, and the daughter's seemed to be very beautiful.
Firefighters searched several hills and found no missing person.
I have entrusted my job to Mr. Lee.
What is the difference between these two dictionaries?
He's here, don't be angry with him.
Vernacular is much easier to understand than classical Chinese.
Cuong won the first round and couldn't help but be complacent.
If you relax, you'll get better.
I did my homework, but I forgot to bring it.
Let's just go eat something good tomorrow night.
Do you think he's so stupid? He's not stupid!
The number of seats in the House of Commons is based on population distribution.
I've been in love with my first love for ten years and I've never forgotten it.
You're really, I haven't known what the official's surname is for so long, I like to eat.
He retired and moved to Canada.
Hurry up and read your book, the exam is coming.
Different letters denote different categories.
Hey, this dish soap is so good.
It is illegal to write a bad check at any time.
A typhoon passed through Hong Kong at 1 a.m.
The food in our company canteen is so unpalatable.
Road closures have been implemented on major roads in Tsim Sha Tsui.
Please allow me to present our local specialties to the Emperor.
He overeats whenever he is unhappy.
No, I can't sleep at night when I drink caffeine.
To apply for this job, you will need to take both an oral and written exam.
Important politicians often ask for a stand-in to prevent assassination.
Don't think about it again!
Is this set of movies suitable for children?
There are street stations on the street to help citizens register as voters.
After investigation, it was found that the food raw materials were contaminated, resulting in food poisoning among diners.
He will pay a short visit to Hong Kong.
With so many weapons in other armies, how can you defeat them with your bare hands?
Our school debate team won the upset!
He's really charming!
I told you to stop being so impulsive.
In that black shop, the last time my mother went to buy a mouse, they sawed a thousand yuan.
We sat on a couch.
The two of them fought for business, and the brothers didn't talk about it.
I'm wearing my daughter's birthday party.
Once you've done your homework, you can go downstairs to the lobby to play.
He pulls the head cable to develop this area.
When "Dongyang Daily" was first launched, he used a throat-cutting battle to top the bad market, only selling two yuan, and getting other opponents to accompany him to reduce the price, and even give red envelopes.
His zinc pan is dirty.
Hey, don't pinch me again!
Some soldiers fended off enemy attacks for days.
During World War II, smoke erupted.
It's the middle of the night now, and of course there's no one left!
He always missed We We Wet Wet, abandoned his studies, and was kicked out of school.
During the previous pandemic, masks were out of stock in all pharmacies.
You will not be allowed to set foot in our house again!
He expertly intertwined the two threads with his fingers.
The weight of this bag of rice is ten kilograms.
Did you sleep last night?
There is no payment for this anonymous letter?
I know I salivate a lot sometimes, and not everyone wants to hear me.
His heroic deeds are commendable.
We always spend a short time together.
He wears a lot of different patterns.
Farewell! Although you are not there, I will always remember the happy memories between us!
There are many college students in big cities, and it is not easy to find a job!
Do you want to eat for nothing?
He was too old to help, so he let the pensions send him away.
He pursued a life of freedom and ease.
Today is the thirtieth year of the Chinese New Year's Eve, let's release it early!
The pen war between them ended in the end.
The Government appeals to the public to work together to prevent mosquito infestation.
His joints began to stiffen and he had difficulty moving.
You've got to look at this thing for me.
There are many masters, and there is another dragon fight.
You don't have to get out of the way right away.
I have a bit of reservations about this issue.
The water level of this sea has dropped dramatically.
In order to catch up with this plan, we have stepped on it for more than ten hours without shaking.
Little ghost, he said that he lost his money! What else do you care?
I think red, white and blue are symbols of Hong Kong's common culture.
Please take good care of your belongings.
Don't ask in spring! I don't know anything, I don't know anything!
He shot indiscriminately in the bank.
This course is for you.
In the face of violence, resistance is a must.
Even if he offends you, you don't have to fight to the death!
How many years will your child be in this year?
I did it for ten minutes in a row, and I finally got out of trouble!
If you do something wrong, you will be tired and wrong!
His family is wealthy, and he has a driver to pick him up and drop him off.
The couple shouted for a moment that they were very idle.
Whose clothes are on the bed?
The wind blew the windows of his house, and he is now living in a makeshift shelter for the time being.
The invention of the solar torch is quite innovative.
It's a really big scene tonight, and I haven't tried to see so many celebrities in one night!
I bought a big cake to celebrate my grandfather's 70th birthday.
What would you do if your girlfriend was molested?
What if, what about me, yes, and now I feel that I don't really want to go, you won't blame me?
It's just a breeze to get you to the airport!
Algeria, Libya, and Egypt are all countries in North Africa.
The car lost control of the corner, spun three pigeons, and finally crashed over the fence.
I didn't want to wake my family, so I gently closed the barrier.
We'll write down what we discussed in today's meeting.
He studied for two more years and went to university in the preparatory department.
You don't have to be so ostentatious when you win the Mark Six lottery!
My parents are very open-minded, and I don't have to marry Hong Kong people.
This question has been bothering me for a long time.
You have to promise me to take care of me for the rest of my life.
When I paid the bill, I realized that I didn't have a wallet.
He had just moved out of the countryside to live in the city, which was outdated.
There are fifty questions in this Xi.
There are fewer and fewer good men.
Seeing that he is ugly, I really want to seal him with a punch!
He's the head snake here, so it shouldn't be like you're going down the wrong path.
There is also a need for a high level of transparency in an administrative body.
By the way, I would like to mention you, tomorrow is a public holiday.
When you're in danger, remember to call for help.
Fans of the two football teams clashed.
Strange words are rarely used in word filling.
He praises you just to flatter you.
The works are expected to be completed in March.
He not only teaches his students well, but also cares about their mental health, and is really a dedicated teacher.
As the so-called pork chops are all meat, it is better to be desecrated.
In the world of the eldest daughter, the older the daughter, the less sticky she is.
This group of people was always cheating on the street to their grandmother, and many people were confiscated by them.
The last Governor of Hong Kong, Chris Patten, was very fond of eating egg tarts.
Hechang Da Ab is a Cantonese style arcade building.
You've been brothers for so many years, you know. These things, in the heart!
Together, they teamed up and fell into a colleague.
Some bookstores in Hong Kong often don't have a crowd of fantasy books and put them in science fiction.
It's hard to say what will happen in the future, so of course you have to prepare for it in advance.
He lost the lawsuit with the government and asked for three million court fees.
He borrowed money from me and then disappeared.
Just now, my brother said that it was inappropriate to talk about it, and told us to hurry up and stack the horses.
I've done a good job, and you're going to mess up with it!
Your opponent really makes my blood boil!
Although we are losing money now, we will definitely make money in the long run.
All students must leave school after five o'clock.
A few days ago, the chief executive visited Washington.
I've loved watching Sailor Moon since I was a kid.
Government officials deal with a lot of different government affairs on a daily basis.
You're just in the way of the kitchen. Let's go back.
There is a regular meeting on the first Saturday of every month.
I think this person is quite suspicious.
He had stomach aches up and down the hall, but Sir wouldn't let him go to the toilet.
Imagine what you'll be like in 20 years' time.
A forty-year-old virgin is a real failure.
Aren't you angry that they eat for nothing at your house?
There is no tick number in the ingredient volume, have you paid attention to the class in class?
I'm going to get five homework in the next week, and it's a big deal!
Today is the start of the international football competition.
Where's the happy?
I have to pay him back 3,000 dollars a month.
Be careful when driving under the longevity oblique.
This political turmoil is also quite difficult to quell.
The results will be announced in late June.
Mango pancakes are cheap and delicious, but creamy and fatty.
Teacher Liu spoke very vividly in class, and everyone listened attentively.
Lye water dumplings are usually eaten with sugar or syrup.
I heard his voice and became angry.
You always do your homework like this, believe it or not, Mr. will punish you!
His gesture caught his master's.
We don't need to devalue the currency.
He won the third prize of the Mark Six lottery and shouted out with joy.
Mong Kok has fallen, how many years ago did you last go shopping without being boxed?
Song he just hides at home every day to watch the cute girl don't do sports, and now he has a bucket waist.
He has a heart condition and is now on a scheduled surgeon.
The voices of the demonstrators drowned out their conversations.
Dictators kill like hemp and leave a stench for thousands of years.
Instead of being late, shoot the ball.
I injured my foot yesterday, so I can't walk today.
Although the road was difficult, we all arrived at our destination unharmed.
Fate is fixed, and it cannot be forced!
There is a stall in Tsuen Wan where the fish balls are delicious.
You heard you talking so quietly just now, you really have a good ear!
Everyone has his own unique Xi.
I don't have admin permissions, so I can't do it.
The government has just held a ceremony to mourn the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the country.
He has no resistance to food at all.
Workers found that the raised platform was a safety hazard, so a fence was added.
The University of Hong Kong was established in 1911.
To put it politically correctly, of course, it is said that men and women are equal, but when it comes to real life, don't ask for a gentlemanly demeanor again.
Inspired by his classmates, Xiao Ming also began to study hard.
He specializes in history.
The vacuum cleaner was noisier than the one the plane took off.
This orangutan can walk upside down.
Because Zhang was too subjected to domestic violence, his friends also advised him to divorce as soon as possible.
The reality of all dharmas is emptiness.
The company's top brass is now in a meeting.
The couple are very affectionate, and they just play tricks from time to time.
He spilled a cup of milk tea yesterday, and it was printed that my dress was stained everywhere.
Keep going forward, and see that the road forks and turns right.
He is an optimistic man and there is nothing to make him sad.
This year's Dragon Boat Race will feature a friendly race.
My family is very traditional, and I must eat together as a family on big occasions.
We're going to eat a little faster, and the shop will close.
Microsoft sunk a data center to the bottom of the ocean in 2018.
There is a time difference between Hong Kong and Tokyo, so please keep your watch for almost an hour.
She likes girls who are a little meaty.
I hope that everyone can donate charcoal in the snow and actively donate to help the residents affected by this disaster.
Eating some of this junk food is unhealthy!
He had a big deal with someone yesterday and was covered in injuries.
I'll go into a barn and get something.
Smoking is strictly prohibited in subway cars.
This restaurant has received a lot of bad reviews because the food is not fresh.
How can you stand up to this?
I don't like to use cold goods at night.
Finally go down to the bottom of the mountain, sit down and rest first.
The identity of the secretary is revealed - it turns out that he is a commercial spy sent by a rival company.
Our strategy is to stay in the front and back, and not to rush at the beginning.
I hung the pot pot and hung it to adulthood.
The company has no profit, and the boss has to pay us a salary.
He's been scolded a lot since he's been scolded so many times!
There are too many places where police power is too great or where force is used inappropriately.
He quit his job and started his own business.
It's good that Vera taught me econ.
In fact, dolphins also have a high intelligence.
He didn't know anything about mathematics, so he went to learn to read physics, and the result was hype.
I see a key on the ground, so what do I do?
From Victoria Peak, you can see the full view of Victoria Harbour.
I downloaded a program to use it.
After taking the medicine, the whole person is stewed warmly.
I'd love to help, but there's nothing I can do.
He has a secret abacus, and he will calculate with me every millimeter.
Getting married is to have something to rely on when you are old.
I'm in a good mood today, so I'll invite you to this meal.
I respect your final decision.
I work twelve hours a day, and it's unbearable.
He eats a small intestine bun for breakfast every day.
The government has approved developers to build large-scale low-cost rental housing.
The teacher reprimanded the student for smoking.
He has made a lot of money investing in stocks this year.
This time, many shareholders in the city lost all their assets.
A photo of the form has been left behind, and it is now being returned.
There are a lot of super resonant dialogues in the play, and many people comment "crying stupidly!" after watching this set of love movies.
He already has a heavy French accent.
It's close to the metro station, a few minutes walk.
You move out alone, and the cost is significant.
How many letters are there in A to Z?
This time it's really overdone. Having said that, I'll still be patronizing.
Sugar is now half the price it sells.
Many people use their fingers to press the phone.
Many people are blessed in a place where there is no war, but they are lucky to have grown up in a place where there is no war.
Don't believe him, he likes to blow the old the most.
Apart from the striker, do you have any other positions?
The school uniform hasn't been removed to teach me to work? I eat more salt than you eat rice!
Call me when you get home.
This series is classified as a PG Parent Guidance Program.
His skin was white, and he didn't look like a native at all.
These Abel Xiang Street release swords, it's disgusting.
I'm just begging you to be obedient!
He brought his equipment, and I am afraid he came with hostility.
He killed my father, and I will wash his whole house with blood!
He won a gold medal in the Middle School Games, and he has to die until now.
I usually aim at the middle of the white ball first, but when I get cue, I hit the side of the white ball.
The boss is easy to say, don't be afraid of him.
Find a hairpin and hairpin for him, don't press it tightly.
He doesn't understand anything, so he just talks about secrets here.
It's rare for us to talk a few times, real wine is a thousand glasses of confidants, and we will resolutely not get drunk tonight!
In return, the company gave him a large house.
The fire resulted in casualties.
People say it so plainly, you still don't understand it.
I'm really conflicted, is it better to break up with him or not?
With his proud singing voice, he has become an Internet star.
People are talking about important things, don't come and talk about it!
When they get married, they will move into the newly bought love nest.
Cherish every moment you spend with the people you love.
The people here live a very leisurely life, and they are not as anxious as Hong Kong people.
Anything fake, fill it with a little more water first.
The small troupe doesn't have so much money to lose advertising, and everyone has to take responsibility and use their own network to help promote it.
My favorite cartoon character is Clank.
If you want to fight, you can fight, and don't talk nonsense!
This incident made everyone very unhappy.
I wish the two newcomers a perfect match and a good couple!
It's just that you want to go, don't you go, don't you first?
I'm watching this drama and I see strong meat, I can't stop!
By Thursday, I was counting down how long it was to go off.
Your article is like a footcloth, long and smelly.
If he has an accident with bad luck, are you paying me back your life?
It's raining so hard outside, where do you want to go?
You have a big reason, don't be afraid.
This tenement building does not have CCTV.
Actually, you'd better not cover him.
I like to eat barbecued pork buns more than barbecued pork buns.
Song, he took the first exam once, and he pretended to be a waste of things here.
My aunt came back from Canada to attend my graduation ceremony.
The doctor who did the night shift was beautiful.
Secondary schools in Hong Kong usually start on September 1.
The psychological test of the last year is what makes you strong.
He has lost so many times and is numb to love.
There is a shortage of water and food in the affected areas, and some people can only rely on tree bark to feed their hunger.
Don't be so hands-on with other people's things.
Chicken meat is delicious.
Guo Degang is a relatively famous cross talk actor in the mainland.
Many Chinese dim sum dishes use clear noodles.
I didn't look at the fire, and I was burning the fish!
I say he gave birth to twin brothers.
He routinely buys a cup of hot milk tea every morning.
My house is so messy, you'd better not come up.
You can beat your little sister so ruthlessly, you are really merciful!
Don't bother people with these little ngai1 things, you can take care of him yourself.
There are a lot of people like him who are so bad.
Tourists can easily be cheated out of money.
That engine burned and had to be replaced with a new one.
He's going to blow the bell this month, don't give him anything to do.
Our lives are by the grace of God.
A boy is staring at you, is he trying to mess you up?
This writer has published many books.
This time it must be suitable, first clap your hands!
My time has come, so take care of yourself from now on.
Don't fill out the form.
The road is divided into many sections.
After several hardships, our troops finally broke through the enemy's first defensive line.
The two tribes are fighting each other over a construction site.
Each student is required to write a short essay at the end of the semester.
Do you reflect on what you did wrong?
Now that medicine is prosperous, you don't have to worry too much about your sister's illness!
If you can eat offal, you must eat it with mustard sweet sauce.
The contents of the shrine cannot be touched.
Ah, yes, you just said yesterday that I'm out of work and I'm out of work.
This grapefruit juice is a very special drink.
He is kind to everyone.
What do you think, do you want to see a doctor?
He's a teammate with me, so we all have a bit of a friendship.
Our hospital provides medical services to patients with quadriplegia.
I'll go back to the mainland next week to soak in the hot springs.
You don't have to hide it for him anymore.
You say three years. Three years after three, three years after three, ten years after the boss!
Is it worth it to win the game and lose the home?
Dude, there is no need to say so much about these polite words.
The Government has decided to set up an inter-departmental task force to deal with the problem.
The choice of subject should be based on one's own abilities and interests, and should not be blind to red and white.
I looked for the summer vacation sausage.
This nursery rhyme is very famous, and adults and children can understand it.
This morning, the lowest temperature of the year was recorded at the Observatory.
Communism is one of the types of socialism.
A restaurant is in the basement, so I can't get that phone.
Based on religious beliefs, he was still a green head boy before he got married.
I messed with my daughter again...... Is it okay to send a flower to him?
This deadline is today, but it hasn't been done.
He twitched his big foot, how did he know that he had hit the lintel.
Find someone to help me! An air conditioner in my car is actually spewing hot!
Sheep are so cute little animals to come.
Grandpa just shook hands with the rich man, and the chief executive jumped up in anger.
The background of this photo is not clamped with people's light sources, and people have dog teeth on the edges, so you can tell that this is a P picture at a glance.
I believe he didn't do it, he just did it for the dead.
The pants are too brightly colored, and there is still a lot of stock that has not been sold.
He took out his pistol from his waist and pointed it at me.
Reading between the lines of this letter also reflects that he is living happily now.
Shut it up, you can't make a noise here!
You won't eat that cone after licking it twice, right?
The wedding wine is completely a big dragon and phoenix.
Who said he quit his job last month? I bumped into him in the elevator just now.
The Dragon Among Men 6 Psalms of Life.
In the past, Jiakang's mother persuaded him to study hard, but he didn't listen, and now he regrets it.
Song he found some snake skin and came back, saying that he would spell Ah Ming with evil magic.
This photo is yellow, is there a problem with the camera?
Can you be quiet? Don't be like a whole schoolboy.
Have you ever tried pretending to meet your crush?
It's a very simple quiz, and you can't pass it.
This tune has a sad feel to it.
He didn't listen to me and left, and I had to follow my tail.
I really don't have a clue about it.
Since you are so determined to cut into cubes, it is better to go to the doctor for surgery, at least it is safer.
That's what he said was spinning in my head.
Song said that he wanted to be the emperor, but the two things were dragged to the police station.
Don't count on him, he's just talking all day long.
This young man is also quite smart and intelligent, but he is not experienced enough!
Why do you suffer so much?
Many young people try their first cigarette out of curiosity.
Autumn is a great time to fly kites.
This batch of goods is coming, let's give it to you cheaper.
You paid the registration fee, didn't you just shrink now?
Don't you wear PE pants for sports?
The billionaire's children are eyeing his legacy.
This thing is here to take pictures.
He won the Mark Six lottery and went from being a poor man to a rich man overnight.
The clocks here are all domestic.
Be careful, I'll get my revenge!
He walked staggeringly, was he drunk?
Be kind enough to shave your beard, it's so disgusting to grow a beard.
The heroine in the film is very sad.
As you said, reading books is not just about passing exams.
Strenuous exercise is not recommended after surgery.
In the New Year, you have to eat glutinous rice balls to meet the occasion.
Do you want to work so desperately!
Tonight's final is highly competitive, and it is unknown who will die.
Before recycling, you have to pinch a piece of poster paper.
He enjoys collecting autographs from celebrities.
Do you know that he has a woman who can open one eye and close one?
I will say seven hundred, but I will definitely take five hundred.
Warm up before engaging in high-intensity exercise.
Don't wander around the streets after school, go home!
Now people have gone like this.
I believe that many people will be shocked when they hear about Chinese wine, there are too many fake food and fake wine in China.
Do you have any Qufa gel brand introduction?
The project cost nearly a million.
In terms of the recent situation, I have the following suggestions.
You can't read anymore!
Unconsciously hit so much, it may be a bit long, I hope it can help you.
A murderer pounced on his blood with a stick.
A plastic bag costs five cents.
I'm very incompetent in reading, you can teach me!
I usually ask my friends to help me buy Japanese products for me.
I'm handicapped in typing, but I'm only able to use two fingers.
He claims to have nothing to do with terrorist organizations.
Southeast Gale or Storm Signal No. 8
It's a job that shows his talent.
He has to fight people all day long, and he has a strong desire to win.
He only wants to come up with things and doesn't do any foreplay.
The new year is a new one.
He has been dismissed from the head office and is no longer an employee of this company.
This roller coaster track revolves around the theme park castle.
His condition deteriorated further.
As a result of his perseverance, he has achieved success in his career.
After getting married, he wanted his wife to quit his job and stay at home as a housewife.
Young people are the future pillars of society.
He comes to you every day, just to get close to you.
Mei Si Lin's feet are super beautiful at the end of the fast.
If you make any more noise, I'll cook you out.
You burst your lungs like this, did the doctor talk to you to stick your lungs?
Current and former Members gathered to bid farewell to the Legislative Council Building.
He was so deluded that he wanted to steal something.
The title of this article is catchy.
I hate swearing more than anything else.
After using the fairy water, my skin is very bright.
The bill caused a great deal of opposition and resulted in stillbirth.
When it's 40 degrees on a hot day, you have to wear a suit, so you have ringworm.
Will there be a closed beta or public beta?
I have classes at nine o'clock every morning.
If you are in danger in the United States, you can call 112 for help.
He was always very unfocused.
John Wycliffe translated the first Bible into English.
You've handled this well.
You can't shirk your responsibility for this, and it's useless to resign.
When writing a paper, if you want to mention something that someone else has said, be sure to add the source.
He didn't feel heavy when he was holding three bags of things.
If you do this, you won't help him, but you'll get in the way!
This time I PK, I didn't bring my homework.
You don't want to look down on others, one day I will be richer than you, and then I want you to lick the soles of my shoes.
Your flight has been listening to nine o'clock, don't be late!
The boss is stubborn and self-serving, and these subordinates only dare to make promises.
This Council would like to issue a statement to the press.
Yesterday, the President of the United States received foreign heads of state.
His wife and children went to Canada, leaving him as an astronaut in Hong Kong to find food.
Nonsense, I don't know what you're talking about.
After a whole month of exams, the public exam was finally over.
The selling price is usually higher than the buying price.
If you want him to write a script and typeset, and you want him to find a way to make a movie, you will also make people not use the book.
I'm just greedy for him to be close enough, but in fact, this restaurant is not particularly delicious.
Bees like to collect nectar on top of the stamens.
He is very generous and willing to give any amount of money.
The New Territories is full of oxen, and he does not see him rich.
He lost a few books he had borrowed from the library.
It's really indecent for you to spread your legs.
He is so afraid of death, and the working environment here is so dangerous, he must not be able to survive.
After making the strip, he became a celebrity.
Don't nag, it's easy to fall.
As long as you speak Cantonese as your daily conversation and written language, you are welcome to join our editorial team wherever you are.
Soak the shiitake mushrooms until soft, then dry them with water.
I had another argument with my girlfriend.
No need, there are a lot of mosquitoes in the suburbs.
The entrance to the fire station is a red organ gate.
When people play chess, don't point fingers when you watch the game.
It's easy to see the newspaper, just hand out money on the street.
I sat for too long and my feet were numb when I stood up.
A means test is required to apply for the subsidy.
Report to the emperor, I can't catch fish today.
Uncle is very good at fishing, there are not ten out of eight!
The patient will get better quickly if he eats well.
He took a year off due to illness, but retained his student status.
He sighed at what he did.
If people don't offend me, I don't offend anyone.
After losing half of his fortune, he cut off his fingers and quit gambling.
You're so bold that you're stealing.
His illness was good and bad.
Hey, you big lazy snake still can't get out of bed, don't you have to go to work?
You're in charge of finding out the details of this guy, and I'm going to follow him.
Of course, my sister-in-law chose you because she had a vision.
My family and I are very distant.
How small man is compared to the forces of nature.
Almost all of the stores in this mall are outlets.
Many children have flat feet, and usually wait until the arch of the foot is developed.
You know he's so bad, and you still believe him?
Just now, the director of discipline scolded him for his school uniform.
His motive for the killing is yet to be investigated.
He died in hospital last Friday at the age of 89.
LCD TVs are getting cheaper and cheaper nowadays.
Today is my sister's birthday, and my mother bought a white-cut chicken at the siu mei shop and came back to congratulate him.
I have lived in this area for more than ten years.
Most of them will play a little better on their home turf.
Reminder: There are a lot of people here who are watching.
Grandpa is only fragrant when he is more than 100 years old, and he is still dying, which can be regarded as blessed.
Hong Kong is famous for its wide variety of cuisines, so many foreigners come to Hong Kong.
Firm must be looking for me first.
You've got so much to do, so I won't bother you.
He won't drink, don't force him!
Bah, put your mouth shut! So you can tell it.
Ah Ming took a colleague to buy a boxed lunch.
After asking someone to borrow money to eat this meal, the next meal has not yet been settled.
Because he missed on the spot, the medal he had at his hands was gone.
Speaking of living, of course, our area is the first choice.
The same people don't have the same life, and the umbrella is not the same handle, you don't hate it so much.
More students will progress to Primary One next year than this year.
Don't admit it's ugly, it's not your first time.
They used secret techniques, which is why there are so many gold coins.
This news will have a big shock to the stock market.
The place at home is shallow and narrow, not enough to sit, so let's just take a look!
A prisoner managed to escape today.
This team has been beaten from Group A to Group B this year.
Where do you have to sing a big paper? I want to sing a 100-dollar bill and 5 20-dollar bills.
I was late and didn't have time for breakfast.
He was short of breath and his heart was beating faster.
Can I play basketball with you, shoot three-pointers, and lose Coke!
Just finished mopping the floor, looking at the slippery!
Remember to take a slip when you buy a book, if it wasn't for them that won't help you reimburse.
If you eat too much in the afternoon, it is easy to get angry and not be able to hear the book.
Archaeologists say the bronzes were unearthed in Xi'an.
Be sure to show your student ID when you enter the library.
After playing the side stove for indigestion, the most suitable thing is to drink tea to eliminate stagnation.
It's important to have a notebook for drawing in class.
He wouldn't be a good leader if he was so unassertive!
It costs three or dozens of yuan to eat barbecued rice at a fast food restaurant.
After the news broke that the company was going to lay off employees, everyone was in danger.
Now that polaroids are so popular, Mong Kok stickers have been picked up.
Ah, you've lost all your fortune?
He is usually very quick to do things, and what is given to him is completed in a while.
I want to see your smile every day.
I'm full of my chest now, and I have to walk slowly.
I failed the test again.
BB, Uncle bought a portcart for you!
In Buddhism, calamity may be a causal karma caused by people.
He went out and didn't come back so soon, why don't you sit down and wait first?
Before buying a property, you should read the sales brochure clearly.
It suddenly rained, and I didn't bring an umbrella, so don't become a chicken in the soup.
I'm going to throw some photos on Facebook tonight!
He didn't do any exercise that year, and his body was rounded.
Ah Sheng, you don't have to eat here!
It's the New Year again, and I hope I can tease a little more red envelopes this year.
The second uncle is in the first place: I still have to ask
You press that one, and the inside door will open.
He did a lot of bad things behind his parents' backs.
You criticize him without knowing anything, and he is very unruly now.
In winter, there are also many girls on the street who wear short skirts.
Don't you think handball is very appealing?
The cashier scans the barcode.
We need to find out the truth about the accident.
There are many episodes in the process of their acquaintance.
There is always a convenience store nearby.
The house looks very comfortable and is incredibly spacious.
He hired a private investigator to find out what happened to her husband.
The debt collection company sent people to intimidate him every day, so scared that he didn't even dare to go back to his home.
How many minutes does it take to cook something out of nothing to be safe to drink?
In the 80s, every time the customs was outdated, the Chinese customs had to give red envelopes to the customs, and they were a bandit.
This bus offers mountain views along the way.
I have special recitation skills.
I always thought that the whole of Fanling was a field.
This Chinese-style pool is truly unique.
Don't order the old stuff, just have room for something new.
He was immediately a little disappointed.
Remember to make a sound if you need help.
The disk is so big and the capacity is small, is there anyone still using it?
You'll need to make a hole in the comb to thread the wire.
If something goes wrong, I'm the only one who asks.
After a multi-day decline, the stock market rebounded today to a recent high.
Proper self-deprecation can soothe the atmosphere.
In 1989, there were 2 million people in the three Baltic countries who formed a human chain of more than 600 kilometers.
To shred the onion, use a sharp knife.
The press was slightly divided on the nature of the accident.
Super goalscorer Yunis Darrow is on the verge of joining Manchester United.
I slept last night and was woken up by thunder.
There was a period of kidnappers in Kowloon City.
No one can beat time and rejuvenate.
You might be able to get out on the bus.
The axe helps the best friends, but it can't be fight.
It's hot outside. Don't forget to bring a banana fan.
You know your father's temperament best.
The disk business makes very little money, and it can be picked up as soon as people go to the count.
My husband came back late every night and I suspected he was having an extramarital affair.
A lady with an elegant temperament and graceful manners
Tomorrow morning at nine o'clock on the table on my desk.
Running a marathon in such a hot weather, I really felt a little collapsed when I got to the finish line.
If I have extra money, I will buy a digital camera.
He was a very generous man, and he invited him to dinner.
This party and an issue are voted for, voted against, and abstained, which is really schizophrenic!
After the renovation of this restaurant, it is really refreshing.
I didn't cut my hair short last year, and I had dyed my hair at that time.
How can you do your homework with a black light and a black fire? Turn on the lights.
If a car engine is not properly maintained, it will wear out quickly.
Are you perverted? Are you so happy to be scolded?
The two of them have been together for a long time, don't they know what to say?
Don't expect to be rich one day.
He just does what he wants, and he doesn't want to be with you anymore, at most he will only say that breaking up is like this.
Ah Qing is so afraid of dogs that she will turn around and walk away when she sees them.
What do you want to talk about in the next meeting?
Success lies in how much effort you put in.
This newly designed packaging is much more attractive than the previous one.
Mom cooked my favorite mushroom tonight!
Then it was time to graduate, and our class bought a gift for the class teacher.
When I was in elementary school, I had to submit a weekly diary every week, and my teacher would leave a lot of comments, so that's when I started to like writing.
If it rains, the event will be cancelled.
It's a critical moment, let's go!
You can do anything if you treat vermicelli as shark fin!
When you pay off this amount, look at the road next time!
It's so dark here, please turn on a light.
When I die, all my property shall be yours.
Celebrity chefs teach the way, so that the rest of the food becomes served.
Don't you want it, I dropped him.
The tour leader raised the red flag to lead the way, in order to prevent the group members from getting lost.
He was a quiet girl who didn't talk much.
After Song got a scholarship, he happily bought new furniture for the play.
These pork rinds are too greasy to cook, no tongue-twisting, failure!
The two of them are finally married!
My mother used to draw paper patterns and buy cloth to help me make school uniforms, which was cheaper than buying more sound outside.
This is a well-known website in the United States.
It is illegal to play Hot Wheels in Hong Kong, so be careful to let the police see it.
I've always wanted to thank him in person, but everyone is busy with business, and it's always a matter of fate.
In the past, my family was poor, and I was sold by my father to be a child daughter-in-law.
This competition has rich prizes and attracts many masters.
The police won't let the bad guys do anything.
People say that long d is easy to scatter.
The so-called people can't be resurrected after death, don't be so sad.
There is a class of addicts in the park to snap needles en masse.
He studied violin for five years.
Most of the toilet water in Hong Kong comes from salt water.
He was so muffled that everyone fell asleep.
The whole class of children sang together, and the picture was so sweet and sweet.
He and his grandmother weren't very compatible.
He walked out kicking the flip-flops.
Alas, if you force him not to do it, he will not be soft and hard.
He jumped into the river with a bang, and I couldn't pull it even if I wanted to.
Fast food restaurant stuff to eat is about it, don't ask for so much.
The government has already sold the land to the developer.
A lot of students like to listen to him.
Ah Zhao picked up a phone, how did he know to be a thief to the owner of the phone.
If it doesn't rain, you have to make water!
Online dating is becoming more and more common nowadays.
I'm 80 years old, and I've never met anyone so nice.
The house can accommodate up to five people.
Most of the people were against his idea.
He laid the foundation for the company.
After World War I, BMW began producing motorcycles and motorcycle engines.
The kitchen is not clean and provokes a lot of cockroaches.
When the Battle of Hong Kong broke out, a large number of young people spontaneously joined the army.
Which university will my daughter study in?
They get distracted as soon as they know there's a console to play with.
Why are you so tired? Sooner or later, I'll have to confess to him.
The radius of the circle and the tangent on the tangent point are perpendicular to each other.
I started thinking he was just joking, but then I realized he was telling the truth.
I also have a good relationship with my boyfriend's parents, but it's hard to be in his sister.
The patient had to slaughter all the pigs and have them examined by the doctor.
This matter has been disturbing for so long, and the dust has finally settled.
Many Western countries can legally team grass.
You will hand in a signed parent letter tomorrow to explain to me why you didn't go to school yesterday.
There are still many people in this world who have a problem with even three meals of food and clothing.
He had a sore throat, so he bought a sprig of prunella to drink.
He stared at his son with a pleading gaze.
Among the desserts, I like to eat too soft.
This thing is tireless, and it's really not easy to do.
The breakup met with heavy rain, and it should really be too beautiful.
No one would have guessed that he would do something like this.
Meet a lot of strange people along the way.
I'm not tall enough to change the light bulb, can anyone help me?
How do you know you can't if you haven't tried it?
He's last day tomorrow, aren't you a prophet now?
I don't want to have anything to do with you!
The domestic economy grew by 5 per cent in the first quarter.
Do you say it's better to lay bricks or planks?
He was charged for violating the gathering restriction order.
Another name for the British Forbidden Army was the Imperial Guards.
He was admitted to the university and will definitely find a lot of money after graduation.
During holidays, we will extend our business hours.
It's so ugly, I shouted the wrong person's name.
Because of Eason Chan's outstanding achievements in music, his alma mater awarded him an honorary doctorate.
Feel good, airplanes don't wait for anyone.
Have you taken an aphrodisiac, so obscene today?
The TV station has nothing to broadcast now, so it called some Hua Dan to come out and sing the golden songs of the era.
You're coming with a potato, and it's okay to be so stupid.
That friend, he doesn't have much grace.
He's just losing his temper with you out of a misunderstanding.
I'm going to accompany my mom to see a doctor this afternoon, so I don't have time.
Amin started his own business at the age of forty.
Don't be a blind idol worshipper.
She Zuojiao is always dove, car cannon, said three quilts, and beckoned to the local faction.
Some terrorists threatened to retaliate if the police did not release their leader.
He swallowed a hamburger in a minute? Really? Don't lie.
After a century of war, the country has finally developed into a democracy.
She is regarded as the most beautiful woman in Hong Kong.
They are at odds because of their political differences.
I heard that today's singers will go into battle in a vacuum, and I have woken up my spirits.
His attitude is to show that he has no intention of cooperating.
I'm a road idiot, don't mess with me when I learn to drive.
I heard that if you go to study in a foreign country, you will live a very promiscuous life.
At sunrise, the sound of chickens crowing outside the house.
He spends his days doing nothing and not wanting to make progress.
Hi-tech rubbing things, low-tech fishing things.
My daughter is always talking back and naughty!
You fools, you will do whatever the government says.
There are still ten days to take the exam, so you guys should hurry up and study your books!
In ancient times, people who read books knew poetry.
Are you here to take a lesson?
Staring at the right family, tempting the family, and punishing the whole family.
Are there so few people in the meeting?
My son is always naughty to buy toys and shouts at every turn.
The plank was too thin and could break easily.
The wine is very greasy in the fifties.
Did you know that the dragon tail of the book fair has already gone to the subway station!
He's as smooth as a shelled egg.
My piano teacher has a grand piano at home.
You're just feeling hot, if you want to relieve the heat and dissipate heat, apply a cold towel to your forehead.
In the early morning, there were no people, and the streets seemed very deserted.
I propose to adjourn the meeting for one day today.
The boss newly appointed the accountant to graduate from the University of Hong Kong.
The Mark Six jackpot is accumulated to HK$100 million.
Blue chips fell sharply, and the neighborhood suffered heavy losses.
This guy is dressed like bells and whistles, and he is more powerful than a zebra.
There is a discrepancy between the meaning of this translation and the original text.
I won, yes!
Parkinson's disease is still incurable.
He was unconscious when he was rescued.
What the hell are you giving book coupons, it's better to cash out!
You're gel straight away from the shape.
It was a long way to Yuen Long, so I didn't go.
If you refuse to approve it, you still want to make money and ask me to give you money.
He was a kind man, and everyone respected him.
Many visitors to the beach avoided and let the waves of the tsunami wash away.
Mai Po is a great place for bird watching.
A foreign friend said that I have a pair of beautiful phoenix eyes.
I can't talk to you enough, and I obviously didn't mean anything like that.
What ideas did you think of ?
I suddenly felt very cold, did I turn on the air conditioner?
An inch of time is an inch of gold, and it is difficult to buy an inch of time.
Many celebrities attend this event every year.
You have to raise him up so that I can put things in.
If the political reform is done so badly this time, someone will definitely step down and take responsibility.
Falling off a cliff is sure to break your bones.
Hurry up and go to other books. It's not that if you fail the exam, you know that you die!
Wait for the photos I took with the bride.
I really want to go into the toilet with him to throw something.
In the past, don't think about these things so much, it's no good to think too much.
Black-and-white phones are outdated.
The last picture seems to be dead link.
The government will implement a universal healthcare system next year.
I don't expect him to come back anytime soon.
He just came out of school and wanted to be a policeman.
I had a ghost in the toilet last night.
He was beaten until his mother didn't recognize him.
Teachers try to give students as much space as possible so that they can learn Xi in a pleasant atmosphere.
He was very sick and weak.
I'm taking the exam this year Kokona A, Wili?
His title is Justice of the Peace, which is very powerful!
I'll eat a piece of cake and keep the rest for you.
He cooks Japanese dramas every day, and he doesn't have to watch subtitles.
Because he has diabetes, the insurance company refuses to insure.
He sprinkled all the lunches that Grandma gave him, and wasted Grandma's mood in vain.
In addition to the monthly salary, there is also a medical allowance.
Every worker wants wages to grow in tandem with inflation.
It is better not to go to sea for thunder and lightning.
The frequency of flights between Hong Kong and London will increase.
He's a little fake, he's been in the company for so long.
I didn't do my homework, and as a result, I was reprimanded loudly by the teacher.
Sure enough, the bargain is not good, and this pair of shoes for dozens of dollars is very stuffy.
A colleague asked for leave, but the others were too busy to do their part.
For the family flowers, we will stand firm and accompany to the end.
This incident tarnished his reputation.
It's a slippery road.
The public stall is reasonable, and my mother-in-law and aunt are reasonable, and it is inconvenient for outsiders like me to make a sound.
If you marry me, I'll let you take care of it.
Please don't get me wrong, that's not what I think.
Many homes have moved away from traditional mops and switched to mopping robots.
You do such a dangerous thing, you really don't know the sky.
Many professional musicians know how to read music.
Everyone is going to take a detour, why are you still here?
Get out of here! Aunt Huang is coming to check the room again.
Use the cooked caltor before taking the test.
The epidemic broke out in the area, and the neighborhood braved the rain for five minutes to do testing.
He is a well-known public figure.
The exhibition has a brief introduction to the eighteen kinds of weapons in ancient times.
This team has lost three games in a row in the first round of the season, and it looks like it has been suffering for a long time this season.
It is necessary to clean up the silt at the point of the canal regularly, and it is not possible to flood.
Every New Year, there is a parade of floats in Hong Kong.
He played Parkour for seven years.
He is very follow-up in his work, and his boss looks down on him.
There are rumors that there are a lot of ghosts here.
I drink scare tea from time to time.
The environment surrounding this building is complex.
You're not feeling well, don't eat today, I'll cook porridge for you.
I'm a PowerPoint.
He couldn't get into college until he died.
There may be another Shiyi in the future, but at this moment, this play is my Shiyi.
Harry Potter is named after the main character.
Red flags have been hoisted at Repulse Bay Beach.
Neither of us could vote in this presidential election, so we had to vote blankly to show our dissatisfaction.
In the main talk of expenses, the conversation digressed, and went to talk about the car.
I knew he was late, so it was about fifteen minutes early.
Let's draw a mark in this book.
It's good that you helped me out of the siege, if not, I'll let them laugh to death!
On a hot day, every ball is a big rib.
Traditional Chinese medicine refers to the fact that pressing the person can increase blood pressure, and it has a first-aid effect on coma and shock.
For more information, please refer to the leaflet.
You didn't know anything about that person you introduced before!
You've always discussed side issues, and it's easy to get out of focus.
Based on the opinions of all of us, we have decided to abandon this plan.
He doesn't like iPads, and he's happy to receive it on his birthday this year.
The increase in rent for public housing has increased the livelihood of the grassroots.
Fight for that contract with several companies.
Just went down the stairs and stumbled on the foot to argue with firewood.
Let's use a fork to dry the starting clothes!
He was missing a police gun, so he was pinched.
He couldn't resist the temptation of a woman.
He was a possessive man.
The robbers take hostages and confront the police.
Who's looking for you? I'm so nervous that I can't get back in seconds.
The company's unreasonable overtime caused an emotional backlash among some employees.
Part-time jobs are the most taboo to steal the limelight from the boss.
This time, the principal decided to give you a chance to change your ways, and not punish you.
The urban area of Hong Kong is simply a concrete forest.
I just received a notification that the University of Hong Kong has accepted me!
I hope that this newspaper will be a platform for the disadvantaged to speak out.
Eating those two bites is only a few hundred yuan, and the meat is indeed red.
I'm glad for you to have your reward.
A ball is in the middle of the ball and changes direction into the net.
If the film industry wants to inherit and develop, it needs to absorb more young and new blood.
The set of this drama is very realistic.
This incident did not appear in the newspaper because the reporter collected a cover fee.
He exudes a unique aura.
Thinking about him and having his point.
Are you insane?
He can show the helplessness of the protagonist to the fullest, and he is worthy of being a three-time actor.
If you have nothing to do, you will go to the Three Treasures Palace, and he will come to you for a letter of recommendation.
The children will go to the washing at 10:3.
Remember to light up before cutting the line.
Some fans asked him to take pictures, and he was embarrassed, but he was willing to shoot in the end.
m The color of blood can reflect your health.
They always pick up tin in front of everyone, and they really get goosebumps when they see it.
His watery poplar made her boyfriend decide to break up with him.
This calligraphy and painting is from the hand of a famous teacher.
The park is dimly lit and is best suited for bandits to ambush.
Do you like to eat hemp balls or horn sons a little more?
They're married, aren't you going to church?
With a fake ceiling, don't the bottom of the building be short?
Keep your eyes open and see clearly, it says that no refunds will be given.
When you're done, remember to report back to me.
The kitchen was very dirty, and it had to be wiped off.
Mom likes it, but my wife doesn't like it, that's just embarrassing me.
I got a new mobile phone.
I'm twenty years old, pretty ghost? Don't me.
It's very strong and doesn't use drugs, it's really deadly!
Ah Long is really one, eating beautiful tofu all day long.
Daughter, don't miss talking on the phone!
I'm just a snack. Don't shout so much when you eat for a while!
Trying these in public is just a bumper god.
No, don't be like that again, it's just another day.
He exposed the secret that his father had hidden for many years.
When he calms down, you can explain it to him first.
My daughter asked me to buy him a stuffed animal.
Nowadays, people have a lot of ways to lose weight.
If the language is not smart, how can such a complex mathematical and philosophical theory be explained clearly and elegantly?
There are many lanterns to see in the Victoria Garden during the Mid-Autumn Festival.
My team has been down lately, and I don't know when the boss will hire someone.
Don't thank me, thank you.
Under the guidance of the teacher, the students also performed well in the public examination.
There are already a lot of spots at the age of twenty, what can be done?
I will take care of you in this life and in this life.
He and his significant other haven't gotten along so well lately.
Grab your phone and go hiking, and you're good to go!
The dress is too purple for me to like.
The wallpaper is so badly glued that it's going to stick to him.
Recently, the supply of masks has been tight, and there has been price speculation in the market.
This set of movies has been in theaters for the whole week.
He wants us to focus on the big picture.
Don't him, he's going to work tomorrow morning.
As soon as the school bell rang, the students rushed out and rushed home.
You are not familiar with the way you go to a foreigner, so you have to be careful in everything.
I am very happy to receive this award.
If you go head-to-head with him, you might lose.
Applejack is on the verge and always fouls when kicking.
My company is doing foreign exchange exchange, and one hundred thousand passes through my hands every day, but it is useless.
Of course he's interesting to you.
That child cries at every turn, and his emotional intelligence must be very low.
His son hadn't come home yet, and he was anxious.
If I am infatuated with you, you will marry me!
My boss told me to walk around all day and to run from Central to Tuen Mun.
There are no examples that convince people at all.
It is the duty of medical professionals to save lives.
The play is violent, not for children.
I go to the library every week.
The single digit of 12 is 2 and the ten digit is 1.
As the saying goes: to rest is to go further.
I broke the branch in two.
What is there to be afraid of in the stock market, when the sky falls, it should be strict, don't relive it.
He watched as his daughter was taken away.
Is there a brother who can't bear to break his girlfriend?
This guy is always here to shrimp and shrimp and crabs, and he didn't come to Sven.
There's a man and a woman hanging out there!
The workbench suddenly tipped over, injuring two workers.
My old man went to Happy Valley again to see the horses.
You are working overtime to catch up with the goods, and the boss will please have a supper to comfort you.
No. 4 big foot crosses forward, No. 3 child answers in front of the door, Woli volleys, and goes in!!
Either you will die, or you will surrender.
Look at you, smiling so much that you can't see your eyes, have you won the Mark Six lottery?
Told you to bite the car too closely or the abductor took the BB, and now it turns out that it is a false report.
The brutality of the thugs is nothing short of outrageous.
Normally, this shouldn't be the case, maybe it's a bug.
You don't want to print everything. The paper is running out.
They have been filming for so long, and getting married is expected.
Our school motto is "Diligence and Courtesy".
We can't survive without air.
The media uses public opinion to put pressure on the government.
The boss has never been much old to him.
You're the fork that cooks my decision now?
When he saw the teacher's obituary, he cried on the spot.
Could you please put together a list of what we need.
I learned a lot from the bouldering experience.
You're wetting your socks, so dry them off in a stove first.
After the wedding, the newlyweds cut the cake together and invited everyone to eat.
The screenwriter of the film is exactly the author of the original book.
How is this person famous?
He was a very lively little friend.
It's useless for you to push me, I didn't make the matter.
I am still young, please bear with me.
He could leave at four o'clock, but he didn't leave until six o'clock.
He broke up with his girlfriend and was depressed for several months.
Your stomach hasn't healed after the operation, so don't walk around.
Bus times are hard to get accurate.
Do you have a conscience?
He kept a straight face, as if he had been angry with the whole world.
I didn't do my homework, this time it's a jerk.
This time, I ate this Suzhou.
The happy time passed very quickly, and their newlywed honeymoon period passed in the blink of an eye.
Kuaishou became him, so he casually handed over the errand first.
He used to have a house and a land in his family, and he lived a worry-free life, how could he know that he was more clever than the bullies to rob them of their property and ruin their family.
He spends a lot of money on hair care and skin care.
His mother was illiterate and asked someone to help him reply to a letter.
Police smashed the warehouses of drug cartels and seized large quantities of cocaine.
He has been doing this all the time, and he doesn't even know that some of his party members have scolded him.
The neighbor next door should be watching and helping each other.
Suddenly there was a melodious sound of the piano in the school, I wonder who is playing the piano here?
The US military recognizes the second, and no one dares to admit the first.
Today's lecture was delivered by Dr Yeung.
Recently, the winter melon is in season, and it is very beautiful, so let's buy some and eat it.
Thanks to the inspiration of my teachers back then, I can win this award today.
You've messed up the whole plan!
The suspects in this corruption case have finally been brought to justice.
There are a lot of birds flying there in the sky.
The students were ordered to withdraw from the school because they hit the teacher.
Hong Kong's tax base has always been accused of being narrow.
The great tribulation has befallen you.
He scolded his son as if he was scolding, almost scaring the teacher to death.
It is strictly forbidden to enter without permission.
They met in the orchestra, and they were like-minded and quickly became good friends.
I love chocolate, at least for a while a day.
Why are you so careless? Buying a little bit of something has been thinking about it for so long.
He's still alive, and he'll support me in doing so.
He was the culprit in this homicide.
Don't let him touch a piece of dim sum paper, he can't eat it every time he screams.
He has solved ten strange cases in a year, and he is really a detective
In his later years, he was plagued by illness and had no children to take care of him, which made him very desolate.
The assembly held a ceremony at the temple to pray for blessings, and lit lamps to make offerings.
Somebody said they would be coming to see you today.
The sum of natural numbers from one to ten is fifty-five.
School rules stipulate that students must return to school by 8 o'clock.
Police found a suicide note at the scene.
The strikers of this team performed very well this time and were in great form.
With this secret book, you will be able to practice the magic palm!
This new version of the game is not the same as before.
I don't eat beef, why do you call it beef balls?
The company went bankrupt, and the whole class of creditors came to collect the debt.
Silkworm chrysalis have a history of more than 1,400 years.
Did you know that zebras are polygamous?
I was so painful that I couldn't walk after the surgery, but I got a lot better after the physical therapy.
I like to run on the street more than on a treadmill.
Why was it that I could afford to raise a lot of song books before, but now I can't afford to raise a single one?
The pen of the super pumping machine has a tender side.
There are also a lot of mistakes in this article.
I don't want to talk about the past.
Police used pepper spray to drive away demonstrators.
Repeat customers account for the majority of customers.
The landlord wants to increase the rent again, and the small business has no bargaining power, so it is forced to accept.
Please report the number, starting from the right is the number one.
Don't wander the streets at night, it's dangerous.
He is a very good man, and he is often judged.
He was poor when he was a child, and when he grew up, he only looked at money.
The corners of his eyes are so high, how can he look at you?
What kind of subject are you only stuck, Su?
We're waiting at Star Pier.
After he went to a haunted house, he ran into evil.
The prototype of this product was designed three years ago.
You dare to lie to me?
It's a little thing to get angry, like the abbot.
I held the branch and walked along the road to the bus stop.
The situation at the scene was chaotic, and it was difficult for the police to control order.
How is your life in the U.S.?
Water Supplies Department (WSD) will arrange water trucks to deliver fresh water to the affected areas.
Education in Sweden is free of charge.
I like to eat the charred layer at the bottom of the claypot the most.
My relative's house has a hard cabinet and two refrigerators.
Why do you have to stay in this department?
I haven't exercised for too long, and my fitness has deteriorated a lot.
I saw the two of them talking in a café that day, and they must have a conspiracy.
After graduating, the classrooms became empty.
My three-legged cat is so good at English?
What's the point of doing it without eating, it's hard to find something to eat!
He has been fascinated by designing models since he was a child.
If you're mistaken, you can't see it this way.
To fish the world, we must be smart and resolutely play tricks.
The building is in dire need of repairs.
The things in the room are messy, so kindly you can clean up the room.
His speech was very informative, and it was clear that he had done his homework.
The wife wants to help her husband take the blame.
When my parents go on a trip, I have no one to manage it, so I can go home at night!
As you will introduce, this is the dog Xiao Ming.
Let's go to the meal today!
This young man actually cheated the old man's pension, what a shame!
You're the elder brother, so don't fight with him for toys.
Why do these parents allow some children to run around in the cafeteria?
I upgraded to Win 10 and didn't know how to hide the desktop icon.
Even when Britain was a member of the European Union, he was still using the pound.
Food must be cooked before eating.
I racked my brains and couldn't think of a good solution.
Tonight I'm going to help my brother make a stone, and I can't come up to eat.
Legend has it that when a pet dies, it goes to the Rainbow Bridge.
In the event of a fire, the most important thing is to stay calm.
If I don't raise my salary this year, I'll quit my job.
The selfless dedication of the medical staff during the SARS period was very touching.
The elderly are not Xi to reading electronic bills, so these banks will issue a red notebook for them to see their account records.
He was overly generous with his money.
It's dangerous to be an informant, caught between black and white, guess it's so easy?
When will you be willing to pay back the money?
Some people will choke their throats in order to lose weight.
You can't calculate, it's so easy to miscalculate!
Take a boat than the sea than take the subway.
This year's economy is better than in previous years.
Saying the wrong thing turned into propaganda, and his methods were very clever.
Some people resigned and returned to their hometowns, and some people rushed to the field overnight.
His voice is mellow, so it is nice to sing bass.
Don't be in such a hurry, eat slowly!
He is so sloppy, he has a head and no tail.
As a waitress in a restaurant, sometimes the monthly salary is more than the regular pay sheath!
You have to have your own ideas and you can't let others lead you by the nose.
When you look at windmills, you inevitably think of the Netherlands.
What tasks have been assigned to you?
These drinks are ready for drinking.
Those nouveau riche have a lot of money, but they don't know the etiquette of high society.
His in-depth knowledge of physics comes from his accumulated Xi and practice over the years.
There is a break between each performance.
His eyes were glazed over, and he seemed to have snapped the medicine.
From today onwards, I will cut you off.
He had just finished his stomach and was still during.
The president was gone when the shipwreck occurred.
He's very stinky, and a little bit of stuff burns up a lump.
The good news is that I still have multiple opportunities.
The abilities of the students in this class are very average and easy to teach.
Will he be the chairman again this year?
The professor said that I was so good that I could even count such an incalculable number.
I started to feel for him.
This past made him feel full of emotions.
Would you like to eat?
Travelers should take out a travel insurance policy before departure.
He pretended to be the general manager and wore the bottom of a drawer.
As soon as he made money, he bought gold, saying that he could maintain its value.
Paper, plastic and metal can all be recycled.
Napoleon Bonaparte was one of the most well-known commanders in world history.
Due to the different physiological structures, men and women react to things like orgasm quite differently.
How many pieces of stationery do you have in your pencil case?
Reading in such a dark environment dazzles me.
The eye drops are very greasy!
This bar is so miscellaneous.,I've heard that there's an underworld brother who always rings there to have fun.。
The fire destroyed many families.
There is a dessert in Denmark that is made for frosting.
Songhe hit the machine until daylight last night, and today he has been black all day long, and just now he also slashed a lamppost there.
Pronounce your voice accurately and boost your confidence.
My mother-in-law's hearing is still very healthy.
We've discussed it a few times, but there's still no consensus.
Our store is open today with a 20% discount on everything.
The plot twists and turns, making the audience overjoyed.
He only filed for divorce in advance in a moment's whim.
The government has decided to relax the restrictions on mainland tourists coming to Hong Kong.
The family and everything are prosperous, and the family is declining.
It's not good to do this, I don't think I'm tired of it.
It's all here, and there's not a single one missing.
Heaven you have the courage to steal from the police station.
What did you sneak up on?
Even though Xiao Ming had already apologized, Xiao Xin couldn't forgive him.
The reason why the sound is short and urgent is due to the last rhyme of -p, -t, and -k.
Visibility is very low these days, and all I look at home is foggy.
The Mongols were excellent in riding.
This laundry detergent removes grease stains well.
When watching movies in North America, there are no reserved seats, and seats are on a first-come, first-served basis.
After the fire truck arrived at the scene, the firefighters immediately put water on the faucet to put out the fire.
Don't hesitate to know! Don't win, remember! Don't hesitate to talk to you, don't bother me!
His performance won applause from the audience.
Nowadays, many teahouses no longer sell glutinous rice chicken, but only guinea fowl.
We need to consume the right amount of minerals to maintain the normal function of cells and organs.
The owner has to microchip the pet.
Look, you've got that hand dirty!
Come over to you, with what we don't invite.
The management was vague about the company's investment failure.
More than 20% of imported beef is infected with BSE virus.
The student girl over there didn't bring an umbrella when it rained, and the single uniform wet flute was all transparent.
Which team's jersey do you like best?
There's a wild cat outside here called Spring.
Equity markets in the Asia-Pacific region developed separately today.
Is there a wifi password here?
What a beautiful shot of this world ball!
Tonight, your grandmother is back to her soul, you go back to the room early to sleep, don't hinder your grandmother from eating chicken legs.
They had a party that night, and I had a night of discing.
Today I was doing things very smoothly and did it quickly.
The kid looked at the ice cream truck with envy.
Have you watched this set of jokes? It's very funny, it's very hepatous!
My article was changed by the teacher to the point where the body is incomplete.
The Hang Seng Index plummeted by a thousand, how to kill a friend by surprise.
His power is above that of his manager.
You'll have to jump a little higher to knock a ball down.
What do you think people say girls drive?
Tell me to do everything, do you think I am your Ah Si?
When you look at windmills, you naturally think of the Netherlands.
Smoke erupted everywhere, and the flames of war fought.
He hasn't been tired of me for a long time, and this time it's just a personal vendetta!
I'm scared! I'm scared when I drink saliva.
The salad can only be eaten with salad dressing.
I just got out of the shower, so I'm going to blow my hair.
We are all Hong Kong people and should be in the same boat.
See what cage he has liu first.
This person is not right, it is better to keep a distance, not endless trouble.
In recent years, inflation has been very good, and a plate of barbecued pork rice has increased from $30 to $50.
My bike spins and the incline is easy.
I had a bad vision and hit the rim every time I shot a basket.
This star relied on his rich and handsome guys and ate a lot of girls.
This pen is good to write, but it can easily break.
One of the robbers escaped in a private car.
This is my internal phone, remember to use the company phone to call!
You're not going to rip off at your brother, are you?
I'm so lucky today, just playing blackjack and I've won 3,000 yuan and come back!
Pick you dead beggar, my daughter is so cool to watch a movie and please eat, and now I call you out to drink wine with your brother and blow the water and say that you have no money?
The Government has accused the media of misreporting.
I have U can all dozen restaurants outside.
Xueyou always holds an orchid hand when singing.
Fathers like to make faces to scare children.
Zhang Yan is not so chemical, so sit with confidence.
Don't step on that rock, it's slippery.
Without a true understanding of an issue, one should not jump to conclusions.
Let's start by researching the facts and don't jump to conclusions.
I know these parishioners who go to church every day.
Actually, I don't like computers, I think this subject is just a blister!
24-hour customer service hotline
My son went to this middle school.
We made it to the top three, which is very smart.
Many bosses appreciated his talents.
Don't take my personal belongings and things.
The little girl cheated money on a bed and landed on the ground.
This matchmaker's wife has also matched more than 100 pairs of men and women.
Some people confuse the Union with the Confederacy, but the difference is how much sovereignty the basic unit has.
I can type 20 words a minute.
This hotel is an ideal location for meetings.
Make money and pay taxes, it's fair.
The boss told us to do a self-examination and reflect on the shortcomings in our daily work.
I have to watch the stalls tonight, and I can't go back home for dinner.
He didn't have any cash to settle the bill and was taken to the ATM to withdraw money.
They say that sleeping pills are addictive, and I know that, but I don't want to make myself so hard!
Why are you following my tail with your whole sling boot?
I have some things at home, and I'll go back to the company after settling in and signing my signature.
I've been in this position for ten years, and it's time to step down and make way for Xian.
You have to study hard, otherwise you will fail the exam.
When he said this, I couldn't understand a word.
If you die at the age of ninety-seven, you have to wait three years on the bridge.
The transformer can't pass the electricity, I don't know if it's done?
Don't just disagree, listen to our explanation!
I've been friends with him for 10 years and have a lot of unforgettable memories.
This guy is coming at the light and guessing what's wrong.
You helped me so much, and I don't know how to express my gratitude to you.
The player can control the characters in the game.
I'm kind of talking about it and trying to tell you.
He's coming all the time.
The fish is not fat in the pond, and the salary of jumping a job hop is increased by a few percent!
Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data
This tea is so unpalatable, no.
I'm telling you now, I'm going to get a divorce.
Go upstairs, I'll get you a can of soda and drink.
Huafu Village is one of the few saltwater buildings that has not yet been demolished.
This ring is oxidized and completely black.
The meeting will be adjourned today and will be discussed at a later date.
The company's share price rose to nearly 100 yuan.
Hong Kong is full of gold, and if you are willing to fight, the future will be bright.
I'd rather OT have money than commission.
Last night there was thunder and lightning, and it was so noisy that I couldn't sleep until after three o'clock.
For example, if you had a million, what would you do with it?
This charter flight was used to transport a dog to the UK.
A: "Can you take care of this project?" B: "Oh, okay..."
Oops, I didn't bring it to the sub-mirror Tim.
He's not simple, he's even been to space.
He worked very hard and got up at six o'clock every morning to open the door.
It's just a scrap of food, and I can afford it.
I don't want to debate with people and dogs!
I've made a lot of cookies, so I can eat them all!
He sent a love letter than his girlfriend in a foreign country.
Arguing with the people who pick the bones in these eggs is like mud wrestling.
He got such a result, which shows that he must work weekdays.
I'll start by reading books in the bookstore.
Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man studied under Chan Wah Shun.
This year, these young people are quite hard-working, and they are quite willing to learn.
One student caught the teacher making a mistake and looked disdainful.
Did the ghost tell you to do something wrong, you have to whisper and beg him for forgiveness.
When I was pregnant, I started running coffee intermittently from five weeks to nine weeks, and I was so scared that I couldn't stop it, but fortunately I didn't use it again.
You made my daughter's belly bigger, and now you don't admit it?
What vintage would you recommend?
Ami gently patted Ah Zhuang on the shoulder.
They can't even notice their own sound.
This plan has been completed in just a few days.
There are very few carcinoma in situ in the peritoneum, could it be that the cancer has metastasized?
I can't protect myself, how can I help you?
He went home at night and was forced.
I need a pen to sign on.
After work, I'm going to go to the sugar water shop to eat sesame paste.
The current standard time is 0:20 and 20 seconds.
Now there is a real-name system for calling cards.
I hope to see you soon.
Teenagers tend to get lost and go astray.
A proposal is due next week, can you do it?
A lot of rich people play golf.
They have different hobbies and lack a common language.
Did you go on a date with your husband and kid on Friday night?
He is very cowardly and always wastes some time.
These journals were nailed into one volume.
In this way, the insurance company will not insure.
His excellent skills attracted a lot of people to watch the game.
As soon as people get old, they start to forget.
Zhang Daqian's imitations are almost real, and they have deceived the eyes of many people.
There is no shortage of talent in the company, let's go, no one will keep you.
The eldest brother commanded that the family law should be enforced.
After his grandfather retired, he returned to his hometown to recuperate, taking a walk and playing chess every day.
If you don't buy it now, you'll miss it.
As soon as he was discovered, he immediately apologized, intending to block the other party's mouth.
If you don't help me, I'll be in financial trouble.
This girl is really ...... There are many points in the back, and the front is called mother.
Online shopping is really convenient, and you can buy it without leaving home.
This annoys me.
He now holds a cigu nunnery, and every day someone brings a pot of rock sugar stewed bird's nest to replenish his body.
Don't worry, we still have a lot of time left.
This medicine is used to control snot and is taken three times a day, one at a time.
He does things very quickly and does not need to be urged.
He was ready to quit his job on his first day of work.
This is the door of my company, don't pull and pull here, I'll call the police!
He always lamented the misery of his life.
When the country is rich and strong, the people's lives will be stable.
You're a MK Hong Kong girl, saying that you want the whole world to listen to you like this.
Take some leftovers and compost them.
I stumbled across his diary.
Even if he dies and rots, I will not agree to him.
This soap is effective in breaking down viruses.
The ghost told me not to study when I was a child, and now I don't want to go anywhere with such a low education.
Did someone break the news to the newspaper that he was corrupt?
Welcome to this banquet.
If you want to kill the enemy with a single sword, you need to sharpen your knife a little more in normal times.
The documents that Dad had left in the safe are still in it as if they were in the same place.
Sparta was a city-state in ancient Greece known for its prowess and war.
I've explained this to my boss very clearly.
People are very innocent, don't teach him badly.
The union decided to start working according to the rules from today and strive for a 3.5 percent salary increase.
He said that he didn't go through the brain?
He doesn't mind being told that he can't read.
That big group of rotten ships has three pounds of nails, it's not so easy to go bankrupt!
There is a 20-day cooling-off period for buying insurance.
I think that Tang poetry and Song poetry are not equal in literary status.
The sales figures are very good and have exceeded our estimates.
Government officials have spoken out against the campaign.
You're three years old, and you're going to kindergarten!
He started playing football for a while.
His expression confused me.
You're so annoying!
It's you, what would you do?
I've heard him say it 109,070 times this month, and I've heard it all if I don't know it.
Only 15% of companies that start independently are still surviving after five years, and only 6.3% after 10 years.
It is not possible to persuade a person to stand and jump.
He made an appointment to dinner tonight, so he finished things at the speed of light.
At this time, there should not be infighting, but together we must find a way to defeat the opponent.
He had signed the will and put it in the lawyer's room.
Come and see the choice, the hand is fast and the hand is slow!
The country has just completed the revolution, and there are still many hostile forces in the country that have not yet been eliminated.
As soon as I stood on the stage, my feet were weak.
I also want to fly in the sky like the birds.
It is very undignified to grovel to people.
He did something embarrassing and made his image very bad.
Encourage the old man to cultivate new talents, so that Cantonese opera can be passed on all the way.
Please give you a copy of the CV to see.
Brother Jie sent it and remembered to shoot his little brother.
Yesterday I didn't remember bringing an umbrella and was stuffy to run home in the heavy rain.
You've done your homework well!
My heart has been captured by him.
Bring an umbrella to the street today, just in case it rains.
He was late every day, and he was clearly just fighting.
Don't take some money, he's just hurting you!
Every year, this award ceremony is full of pork, and if you are willing to attend, you will be rewarded.
As for the needle, there is no two-headed sharp, you still don't want so much FF.
In the early days, mining methods relied mainly on workers holding tools to separate the stones from the rock mass and then chiseling them one by one.
This piece of sushi is so big! It's the size of the palm of my hand!
Not only does he know English, but he also wants to speak it!
That man tortured and killed a few cats, it was a change!
He loved to read, so he was already very knowledgeable at a young age.
Explain that we gathered at three o'clock, and now I haven't seen anyone at half past three!
He likes to write sensational breaks.
Resource misallocation is a serious problem for their company.
His family didn't want to find a silver gua sha.
No matter how the mother-in-law pleaded, some employees had to fine him money, which was really hard-hearted and impersonal.
Our company mainly sells TVs, followed by audio equipment.
The police rushed to the scene immediately after receiving the report.
Thank you, Mr. Wang, for sharing your insights!
Don't be like this, you don't have to eat it yet.
This man is sweeping the stars, and we haven't had good luck since he came.
This thing sells dog meat on the head of a sheep, so the name is very poor.
The doctor was accused of having sex with the patient.
He mispronounced the English text again, which made netizens laugh yellow.
As my old man said, the ox does not drink water and does not press the head of the ox low.
The principal went to the new canteen today to try barbecued pork rice.
In the first three months, there were about 9,000 property transactions.
Take the bus and touch it, and sleep well.
Although he is the manager, he should discuss the major decisions with the big boss, and he can't look at no one, after all, he is in charge.
The cause of autism is still unanswered.
I couldn't sleep, so I had to take off my makeup first.
You can't hear me when I talk to you.
He's always straight-faced and hard to get along with.
After giving birth, his belly was still very smooth.
The two universities jointly organise exchange programmes.
We need to strive for the top and not let our supporters down.
Why don't you sit in the corner without talking?
Hong Kong people's diet has become more Westernized.
I didn't stretch before I ran yesterday, and now my calf hurts.
Can you help me massage my next shoulder?
About 50,000 new units will be completed in the next two years.
You need to see a psychiatrist.
Downstairs on this road there are always people flying at night.
Each floor of the mall usually has its own water sign.
His team had not won a single game, and he decided to take the blame and resign.
Removing the fuel is one of the ways to extinguish a fire.
He told me to go to the concert with him.
He just fell out of love, and you and your boyfriend are so affectionate in front of him, take the scene!
His dancing moves are beautiful.
This actress has been able to fight with her rumored boyfriend recently.
Where's the apple? Orange is right.
It's good to retire and have a little art!
If you deceive you like this, you can be considered really glued.
During the Chinese New Year, every household will paste Spring Festival couplets on the door or wall.
He embarrassed me so much before, and now I ask someone to beat him two things to be angry again.
The soup is so salty, how much salt do you put in it?
A pineapple bun is hard to dig and eat, and the mouth is broken
Many people don't like to bring cash to the street and choose to give money by card.
Freshwater fish have a lot of parasites, so don't eat them raw.
The terrorists threatened to avenge their fallen brothers.
They have played since childhood, and they are a pair of difficult brothers.
I lost the book just before the exam, which was really unlucky.
Yesterday, there was news of suicide by swallowing a gun.
This store really caught him off guard!
A tyrant levied a lot of taxes, which made some people miserable.
We usually take pictures, even if we don't yes, we laugh.
It's good to wash your opponent and eat!
Hey, it's futile that you've done so much.
You're going to have to drive in a while, don't drink.
He lived in poverty, just eating pork ribs and cup noodles to survive.
No matter how you look at these two confessions, they are all sandwiched in the morning.
The government was afraid of the people's rebellion, so it forbade people to gather in public places.
I suddenly felt the urge to eat chocolate.
One person, one ticket, all ages must enter with a ticket.
Are you hungry, I'll cook you instant noodles?
If the pain is severe, I recommend that you see a doctor.
Don't patronize that yellow-green doctor, he's always getting sick.
Increasing social welfare all the time will not solve the problem, there will only be more incense burners and many ghosts, it is better to think about helping others help themselves.
I'm this sem twelve cred.
Be careful, the nib will be in your hands.
You shouldn't take what doesn't belong to you.
Wow, why is he wearing all the monkey fritters like this?
He was so tired that he didn't care about it, and when he got home, he went to bed immediately.
This book explains Einstein's theory of relativity in a simple way, and it is understandable without any physical background.
Many people like to see the victory and get married on a certain day.
Grandpa went to drink morning tea every morning after his morning exercise.
He listened to the music very attentively.
He pillows up every day and asks me to take the money.
Hurry up and take a sip of tea to suppress the startling.
A new design I do with my heart, to ensure that you are satisfied!
He wanted to pretend to be Japanese, but as soon as he spoke, he showed his feet.
Song has been rich since he was a child, and he doesn't know what he can do except know how to count money.
When boiling noodles, it will make the noodles more elastic and tasteful.
I save that there is still something to do, so let's go first.
This parallel import is completely inadequate, how to do it?
Don't you see that number? Is it three or five?
I haven't eaten much today, but I just got up this morning and ate a boiled egg to survive until now.
You're such a nice person, you don't know how to be flexible at all.
Nurturing is also important for the little ones.
Tomorrow memorize the text, and all students remember Wen Shu.
Start by placing the peanuts and sugar at the same degree.
Candidate No. 2 was elected.
Last night, a thief entered his house and stole thousands of dollars.
Last time I asked you to make those things, thank you!
After eating a cake, my stomach was stretched and guarded, and I couldn't eat anything else.
It's really interesting to chew on what he said.
We reported the same group.
He was the sole breadwinner of his family.
Hey, you know what? You've always liked that boy coming out yesterday?
The accident left him disabled.
Have you ever watched the news? I'm on TV!
The article does not meet the requirements and needs to be rewritten.
I'm going to die with you even if I fight for my old life!
I picked up a lot of new interests during this time.
Hey, sir, you've lost something.
Even if you take a taxi, you will definitely not be able to make the plane!
A: "You're very smart!" B: "each other!"
Confucius taught us that we should not repay virtue with resentment.
The typhoon was able to return to the horse gun, which was more powerful than the previous one.
This price includes room and board!
The big star flew in foul language at the reporter.
The refugees on that side need everyone's help.
The bazaar was held for two consecutive days.
Now that you have a few money, you should be prepared for danger in times of peace and save some money back to defend yourself.
We will give you a donation of 3 million as a token of our kindness.
Penthouse units are usually the most expensive.
I touch the bus, and I hate dead salted fish stopping at the halfway stop.
Scientists have worked tirelessly to trace the source of the virus.
I've got an extra sandwich, so please eat it.
"It's better to have dinner before leaving!" "Don't be so polite, I'm going to have dinner tonight." 」
His silk scarf was blown away by the wind.
The dog died, and everyone was sad.
When encountering mistakes, we should reflect more, and we should not complain about others.
Song thought of something and thought of the sun, but he threw it off the wall.
You help me pick out some mung beans, I don't love soybeans.
Your spouse can attend with you.
Two cars collided at an intersection.
It's normal for children to poop.
This dress costs at least 3,000 yuan.
If you compare his early work with his later works, you will know how much he has improved.
He has not been heard from since he left.
A bookstore is open on the inner street, but it is hidden.
He can't get married at the age of forty, and he can change from an orange at the bottom of the basket to a god table orange at any time.
It's just a war of words, how can they really start the film?
Amin's superb writing skills earned him the favor of the director.
The design of the house is mainly practical, and the decoration is very simple.
You're not alone, and each of us has your back.
Winning the Mark Six lottery and missing a ticket, a vacuum of joy.
Leaky ceilings reflect the shoddy construction of this estate.
Count how many sticks of water you have left, and give me a number.
You estimate that it will take about 45 minutes to get to the airport.
This is close to the market, and there are many shops, so you can buy everything you want.
Hey, I can't report my name a day late!
Rushing to the front unarmed is equivalent to dying in vain.
The president goes to bed at nine o'clock every night.
Suicide won't solve the problem.
The Government conducts regular checks on imported vegetables for excessive levels of pesticides.
In many places, killing someone is punishable by death.
No one answered the door after so long of ringing?
During World War II, I fled from the north to Hong Kong to join my uncle.
Some people like to go to cliffs and climb rocks, so like to play with their lives.
Do you want us to do 100 questions and turn them in tomorrow? Are you old?
Excess energy in the body can accumulate into fat.
Social science students are doomed to have no way out?
You don't want to hunch over all day, it's not good for your waist.
The two of them came together to tease me.
As the emperor, he was put under house arrest.
The plastic bag swirls in the air like this.
This person only knows how to catch gentry lice, and can't give any practical advice at all!
The class children are like monkeys that have dropped their ropes, running around the class room.
His daughter went to study abroad and then married an old man.
The door is not equipped with an air drum, please close the door if you are troublesome.
Lightning killed 323 reindeer, leaving Norway's national parks littered with corpses.
I made an appointment with you for dinner on Friday, of course I remember, mark is low, and the table is booked.
There are two main brands of mobile phones on the market: A and B. The former is cheaper, while the latter is more durable.
Civil servants are paid so well that everyone wants to do it.
What is the best way to get to the park?
Many diseases are caused by bacteria.
It's good to pass this subject, otherwise it would be troublesome.
The bridge is not afraid of the old, and it is seriously affected.
You just sent him an email, so why call so much?
I'm knowledgeable, but I'm not going to help.
It's really not right for you to wear a shirtless shirt to work.
From now on, we will never associate with each other!
After many years of absence, I can finally reunite with my family.
They took ropes in the trees and came down.
Be careful when unloading and do not break the fragile items.
When traveling, remember to pack your clothes, shoes, socks and other clothing.
A: "Yes, great! good!" B: "People don't laugh at me, I'm just bad." 」
The width of the rectangle is five centimeters.
I haven't served a drink for a long time.
I'm afraid, I've misjudged, I'm guilty.
He likes to be alone and is very unsociable, so he doesn't have many friends.
Every time Yi comes, he only looks for you.
You helped me, I'll treat you to dinner!
Come to us today and fight the sword on the stage!
Deceive...... What about that...... Deceive...... I don't know how to say it.
None of his classmates wanted to be in a group with him, and he was now alone.
You're a little worse this time.
They are very deep in their pockets, and the cost of a hand-refining is only a few dozen yuan, but it is sold for more than 1,000 yuan.
Bring your family to this event.
What do you give to mom for her birthday?
He reported his dream and said I knew he was unhappy down there.
You personally really drool a lot!
When my mother was a daughter, there were already a lot of people chasing her.
Buy insurance, in case there are any clothes, long pants and short pants.
The star returned to the pond and couldn't run.
If people praise you, they will be fluttering immediately, he just wants to kill you.
The blood girl will be beating beans in a while.
I had time to go to the post office and send a letter to him.
These colleagues group in to get into trouble and trap me.
What is the mindset of people who graduate from college and do 19 sales?
A dialogue was opened between the management and the striking workers.
108,000 bits and pieces, don't worry about it!
You promised me and didn't do it, do you want to pay the bill?
You're back to work seven days this week, when will you have a break?
Police arrested three illegal immigrants at the construction site.
This dinosaur skeleton is very complete.
You know what? How deeply did you hurt me?
They often go everywhere together, what a ghost!
Irrational policies should be abolished.
The twins looked exactly the same, and they had no idea that they had just swapped clothes.
The suspect complained that he was treated roughly.
There's a good reason for you to do that.
You make my clothes wrinkled, how can I go to work in the middle of the battle.
ATV is rebroadcasting this show again!
I had a fantastic dream last night about being an astronaut on the moon.
The government launched this policy in the hope of stimulating the economy and improving people's livelihood.
He is very enthusiastic, and he will definitely help if he can help.
It's time to eat, so let's help set the dishes and chopsticks!
Have you ever eaten a fried dragon?
In the 80s, the United States brought about a health dance craze, and it also made atomic pants, which were originally sportswear, fashionable, and even housewives wore atomic pants to the vegetable market.
Of course, people who are on the same page will support each other.
It was only after this incident that I realized the true meaning of life.
How do you open the table? I haven't made enough feet!
He was sentenced to ten years in prison under the country's criminal code.
You are really hopeless, I hope you taste the dung!
The doctor said that he was going to have an operation to cut a tumor!
If you don't have a credit card, you have to report it lost.
Do you want to count me like this if you make a little mistake?
You wash the car until you let Lili go.
No one will understand the pain of my breakup with him.
This project he did so desperately.
This coffee table has to be installed by itself.
Seagrass is the habitat of many marine creatures.
He received a notice of dismissal immediately after he was scolded yesterday.
He looks like a bearded wrett and scares children all day long.
This ending is the only failure of the whole play.
Every day at 12 noon Hong Kong time, a gun salute is fired from the shore of the Causeway Bay Typhoon Shelter.
There are many large casinos in Las Vegas in the United States.
The main reason for your failure this time is that you underestimate the enemy.
The army staged a coup d'état and proclaimed the lord to ascend the throne.
It's really hard to get into the car before the age of 30.
Is there a post office nearby?
He tasted all the delicacies of the world.
How could you pass up this such a precious opportunity?
The contractor believed that the cable fracture was due to metal fatigue.
In order to take care of the family, Mary decided to quit her job and not do it.
Sir, no smoking here.
He played jokes on the spot, and he didn't get through the script.
He doesn't like iPads, and he's really happy to receive them for his birthday this year.
It's just a small shame, it's not a big deal.
If it's sprinkled with things, put it in these little bags.
Night mother walked through Yizhuang, don't say you're not afraid.
It's not raining now, but I'm still carrying an umbrella for safety.
It's good to go out on the street just now.
Babies don't like to walk on the street on a leash.
I've tried it and it still doesn't work, this time it really doesn't match.
His personality is just a dance, and he won't know what you ask.
In the past, when I used modem to surf the Internet, as soon as someone picked up a phone, the connection would be disconnected.
Are there any benefits to filing taxes online?
The child's eldest son is in the world, how can he be a mother so much?
More than 30 pickets were arranged to maintain order.
Now of course you sigh. That's not the case when you have a baby.
I live in Mong Kok. What about you?
While Mom and Dad are on a trip to a foreign country, we can go to a friend's house for the night before we let them come back and tell them to wait.
He intends to develop his career abroad.
The front row of this factory was exposed to gutter oil, and the goods were off the shelves.
You have to take good care of yourself in the days to come.
It costs a few thousand dollars to go on a trip, and I don't have that much money.
Superman is so good!
I didn't help when I was doing things, and I only came to ask for credit now.
On the pitch we work hard for our clubs, but off the pitch we are good friends.
He hit his ass with a stick to pass the test.
My uncle looks like my dad.
I decided to abstain from this match.
There was a thief in the elevator, and I still waited for the second elevator.
Are you staring at the sea and talking to yourself?
Majoring in economics doesn't mean making money.
I told him very clearly, I would not marry him.
The weather is so good today, let's run the mountains together!
It is difficult for traditional print media to win the climate of electronic information.
I also don't understand why the company promoted his soft-skinned snake and didn't promote me.
You're busy, so at least call back.
The financial sector is the most important pillar of Hong Kong's economy.
Thank you very much for your support.
He is your senior, our team leader.
There are also many customers in the middle of the year.
Go out and play, don't get in the way of my work!
The whole village gathered armpits into furs and donated money to rebuild the temple.
Some historians say that the Opium War was a great shame for the Qing Dynasty, and I will say that it was a humiliation for itself.
We have not been able to make any breakthroughs.
mark: Is it in the next book?
The actor is brewing emotions to enter the play.
It's good that he didn't marry a bad guy.
You're great at talking, and you're going to have a lot of excuses to do.
It took me two weeks to do this homework.
The spokesman reiterated that they would not compromise with terrorists.
It's a wasteland, and there's no one here.
I didn't have time to get to work on the bus, and I didn't just happen to hit the steering wheel.
You can add audio files of music, narration, etc. to your presentation.
Meals are fried and porridge is delivered, be careful of you to death!
Inhaling excess amounts of carbon monoxide can seriously damage the heart.
Recently, the smog in the capital has been severe, and citizens have also bought masks to filter the fine particles in the air.
Their tacit understanding between the twins is particularly good.
I've always been the most polite to people.
It's been a long time since I've eaten anything Japanese, so why don't we go eat tonight?
If you change the lubricating oil without changing the oil compartment, you haven't changed it.
Seeing his portrait in the mourning hall was full of emotion.
I don't think that's the right thing to do.
It is our duty to take care of our parents.
I've lived for decades and haven't tried to travel alone.
We go for the New Year's Eve every year.
Don't keep talking about your brother, he's very well-behaved!
The relationship between this parliamentarian and the big business group is simply inextricably linked.
I swear, I will take care of you for the rest of your life.
Someone left a note for you.
I accept that there is meat, but I am so obsessed that it is even troublesome to move, I will not appreciate it.
The company plans to replace it with a new firewall next year.
Why are you studying mathematics? Learn some dragon slaying skills.
I don't like the lettuce in a hamburger the most.
The play was shortlisted for Best Film at the Academy Awards last year.
At that time, some provincial and Hong Kong flag soldiers grabbed AK and robbed several gold shops in a row, but the police had no charms.
He relied on his wit to get out of danger safely.
I was in a hurry and forgot to wear my watch.
I picked up some old books yesterday.
I've been on seven trips this year and helped myself set a new record.
The quality of our production lines is strictly monitored.
His performance was really bad.
I predicted early in the morning that you would read the college shelf!
I don't care about this, you're done with him.
The ship sank after the accident.
The basement of this mall is full of restaurants.
His clothes were wet and stolen in his body.
Hey, come and sleep with me tonight, I'll double shop with you!
I haven't watched "The Great Era" yet, don't spoil it!
He spoke naturally and without stage fright.
The New Year's Festival flower market is very noisy, coupled with the sound of stall owners selling, it is really a New Year's atmosphere.
The company's policies were outdated and the working environment was very boring, so I came to prepare to quit my job.
Huaishan can stop pulling, but if you don't have diarrhea, you will get paid if you eat too much.
You put these plates so high that they were easy to break at that time.
Make a lot of money?
This vase is simply ingenious, no wonder he sells it so expensive.
Oh, I didn't bring a braid to the street, and I didn't have to tie it up for a while of heat.
The rent of a high-rise unit will be one or two thousand yuan more expensive.
He began his contact with the spirit world at the age of twelve.
In Hong Kong's reality, in order to solve the problem of leaving only children at home, the Government must provide adequate and comprehensive childcare services, especially respite care services.
When he was a child, he had no food to eat and was malnourished, so that people in their twenties are still thin and picky.
I'll see how many pounds he has.
Many political marriages end in failure.
Next year, a number of projects will be commenced, and the demand for manpower will increase.
Fell eczema and looked for something to rub him.
You don't come home so late, aren't you afraid that your wife will talk about you?
I haven't been back to school since I graduated.
He has never been able to prove his fake scolding.
He talked while eating.
Many countries have embarked on policies to reduce carbon emissions.
Why are you wearing so many pieces of jewelry at the same time, like you're doing your whole Christmas tree?
A bowl of ramen noodles costs 850 yen, and the paper is only 64 yuan.
He had a master's degree, so the chairman said he was not qualified to be a vice-chancellor.
This encyclopedia has a lot to say about insects.
He sold counterfeit goods and sealed the shop for customs at his own expense.
China and Russia are a community of interests.
It's better to eat the whole spot tonight.
He's always right for you, and you're up to your neck like this?
This park points stray dogs likes and dislikes.
He must have ulterior motives in doing so.
The elevator is temporarily out of service, and we apologize for any inconvenience.
The suspect did not open the door, and as a result, the police found someone to burst the door and enter.
